---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: carrotcake x remotir – 2025/10/10 15:59 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:36:48.394Z
meeting_date: 2025-10-10T15:15:23.744Z
---


carrotcake x remotir - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hi, Cole.Nicole Farley: Good morning. Well, good afternoon for you.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Almost uh getting to evening. Has been a long week.Nicole Farley: Yeah, tell me about it.Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Nicole Farley: I know. Long week. I'm I'm looking forward to the weekend though. I'm probably gonna work. So, never ends.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's life.Nicole Farley: Yeah. I know.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, the new Figma looks amazing.Nicole Farley: Yes. I was I know it was kind of out of scope to have you guys look at like design stuff, but I I wanted your guys' opinion. I left a lot of comments. Like it it to me it still kind of looks a little bit overwhelming, but I think there's like a couple things that they can do to to make it um much better. But I I think it looks good.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I'm going to let Adan take a look and give his opinions. I know he's been heads down with something that he's working on.  
00:01:36
 Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, as soon as he had some bandwidth, but yeah, thanks for uh taking us on the journey. So, um good that I have you here because I saw the note from or note from you to retransact as well.Nicole Farley: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, is there anything for us to action or is it just purely focusing?Nicole Farley: And and no, it's it's just making sure that everybody's connected. So you guys aren't working on one thing and then they're working on something totally different and then the messaging is different and then everybody's kind of disconnected. I just I just I told them that I was working with you guys.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: Um, so when we go to create our profile in the Microsoft marketplace, the the messaging and the story is is the same. Um, just so it kind of wasn't all over the place.Hassaan Ahmad: Go.Nicole Farley: But yeah, nothing really for you to do, nothing for me to do right now. I have a call with them on Tuesday or Wednesday to kind of go over um everything.  
00:02:30
 Nicole Farley: And they're hoping to have us up in the Microsoft marketplace on the 20th, which is like not ideal because I was hoping to like have the new designs in place by then, but just I think it's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicole Farley: Like I don't we're not going to get customers on the 20th. So I think I think it's okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: But yeah, nothing no actions right now.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Let us know if there's any dependency on us or anything for us to do. So, more than happy to help.Nicole Farley: Y cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Right. Cool. Let me show you what we're doing. And actually, before I do that, let me up. While you were running your agency, Nicole, how did you solve the attribution problem?Nicole Farley: um a lot of platforms, a lot of explaining, a lot of kicking the can down the road. Attribution is just one of those things when we were doing um jobs to be done interviews with agencies, with businesses.  
00:03:19
 Nicole Farley: I mean, we were interviewing like big companies like Shuttertock and Lanszend and like GoPro. Um, everybody said that attribution was like the main thing that they want to fix. And I'm like, well, sorry. I'm not I'm not even going to try to tackle attribution because like it's just one of those things that like if the big players can't really do it right, um, I don't know how I don't know what I'm going to be able to do. So, it was a lot of um, sort of a lot of communication with the client and kind of telling them that like, yeah, this is a known issue.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: Like, here's what we can do, but you know, it's never going to be like 100%. And then we'd have clients be like, "Well, I don't think Facebook is working, so let's turn the Facebook ads off."Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicole Farley: And then two weeks later, like, they get no leads, like no calls. And I'm like, I I I'll do I'll turn it off because, you know, I want to prove to you that like, you know, it's it's bringing in whatever.  
00:04:12
 Nicole Farley: But it's funny because they'd always be like, "All right, fine. Let's turn back on.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, we've uh reason I ask is I've been in conversations back to back pretty much all afternoon about that. It's like, yeah, clients, same thing. Clients are like, "Hey, you know, we're doing these three things. So, what's the ROAS?" We're like, "Dude, the ROS is the increase in leads that you're getting, right? We're selling B, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's not one touch point, it's many." Um,Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but hey, you know.Nicole Farley: Yeah. And it's easier with uh with e-commerce a little bit because you know a sale is a sale and that's recorded you know on the platform and there's always like a cost associated most of the time there's a costHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: associated with it. Even stores you can track like in store walk-ins but with leads it's so much harder. So, I think, you know, I I I briefly mentioned, and we're not going to get into it today, but I briefly mentioned, you know, if if this carrot cake as as, you know, the software didn't work or didn't  
00:05:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: Heat.Nicole Farley: take off, you know, I'm happy to go back to an agency, sort of like how Pilot does it, like it's the service as a a software. Um, but I would not go back to Legen. I would I would definitely um go do uh serve e-commerce clients just because it's so much easier.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: Legion is so hard and then they don't make the sale. Then it's it becomes your fault. It's like I'm not I'm not your sales team. Like I you got to train your people anyway.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I had a father ask me yesterday um he's he's a really good guy. He was like, "Hey, so do you want to be uh can you consider taking an equity stake in the business in return for like doing large enterprise deals?" man, you know, yeah, man.Nicole Farley: It's a slippery slope. We've been asked that too. And I'm like, there's so many things outside of our control. Not we, but like in my agency, we were asked that, too.  
00:05:57
 Nicole Farley: And I'm like, I like the business, but there's so many things outside of my control that I I I can't I can't.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, it is enticing though to be a CRO of like 10 different companies, but Yeah, that's that's not why I started this.Nicole Farley: I know. I know. But I know I was going to say they end up doing a lot more work and then you got to do it for like 10 different companies or just one and then it kind of takes away from everything else. So, it's like some of sometimes it's just really um yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, I'm gonna Right, Nicole.Nicole Farley: Yeah, I know.Hassaan Ahmad: Really quickly, this is what we said we were going to do, right? So, um after the kickoff, we Yeah.Nicole Farley: Yes. Okay. I knew this was probably somewhere, but I I just didn't look by the time I asked you. Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: No, no worries. So, so that's what we said we were going to do. We would You gave us access to LinkedIn.  
00:06:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: We set up the back end. We set up who the ICP needs to be in the applause campaign. So that's pretty much everything that we've done so far. Yeah.Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um I want to show you the ICP and stuff and you know who we're going after and then we'll talk about the campaign. Yeah. So thanks for letting us into your LinkedIn. What we have done is we have created a bunch of different Let me show you first. Um so we have created uh we've which one is this? Okay. Yeah that's the one. So what we've done is we've gone after the smaller agencies first. So up to 200 companies.Nicole Farley: Great.Hassaan Ahmad: Reason behind that is before we go enterprise what we want to do is you know get at least some sort of signal right and in order to do that it's you will recognize some names from here.Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So it's every everybody that's operating in either the market marketing services or the advertising services space up to 200 people um that's the accountants that we created and off the back of that what we've done is we have distributed them um on along these parameters right so actually we're in these ones the ones that we're I'm going after is less than 50 people are the one with less than 100 people in New York and these states  
00:08:00
 Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: you can see what it is. We're targeting director VB CXO or owner in the industry and so forth. Yeah.Nicole Farley: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Off the back of that what we've done is we've set up this automated. So right now you have three campaigns live that are going again targeting those um those titles, those personas. The way these campaigns are working is so let me zoom in. This is all right.Nicole Farley: That's It's so annoying. I hate it. It's always in the way.Hassaan Ahmad: So the way it's working is um you're viewing your profile. You're sending them a connect request. If they accept, you send them a message, another message with the idea with the goal that they say, "Yeah, I want to take a look at you, look at your tool, or I want to have a conversation around this and so forth." There'sNicole Farley: H got cut.Hassaan Ahmad: two approaches that we're trying as well. The first one is more kind of expertled in which more talking about hey so the core liability I'm addressing is the agency's most valuable asset is really owned by the firm so I built carrot cake to address it right if they want to have a conversation if they say oh yeah that sounds interesting then you know we take it to the next level and so forth so right now to answer your question the goal is to  
00:09:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: start a conversation right take them along the journey of why this is a problem why they need to do something about about it, built a tool, so they should probably take a look at that. Yeah.Nicole Farley: Great.Hassaan Ahmad: So, 2500 people in this one, 2500 people in this one, and I believe about 1,600 in this one. Um, this one's set up a bit differently. So, this one changes the tone of the messaging a bit. It's this still the same message, but you can see that literally it's it's a lot more funnier than I would be just what's resonating with with people, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But the goal is still the same.Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you're connecting, you're sending them a message, you're educating them a little bit on what is going on or what the what is the problem that you're trying to solve. build the build the alignment with them that yes that's a problem worth solving and then the goal is again to get them to say yes I want to have a conversation once you reach that point you should start seeing them either come through directly to your website and request a demo or through LinkedIn messages which we are now tracking they would be they would say yeah I want to take a look and at that point you  
00:10:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: get involved and you have the conversation with them right so That's the goal so far with this.Nicole Farley: Yeah, great.Hassaan Ahmad: What we were also thinking of doing actually before I go in there, any questions?Nicole Farley: Are we also going to test businesses at the same time? Because we're testing agencies and I want to make sure, you know, that might not be the right, you know, greatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Great question. So yes, we are going to the way we do it is something I want to discuss with you because your account is cold. Your LinkedIn account is cold so to speak. We have to be careful about how we ramp it up. So, we can't just start sending 100 emails, 100 connection requests, and so because the last thing I want is for your account to get flagged as a bot and then get shut down, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's one.Nicole Farley: I brought like cold email can't be. You have to like warm it up and start.  
00:11:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, warming it up takes time, right? The we're using it, it's smart in the sense that, you know, it mimics the behavior, it operates within a range and so forth. But what that means is we have to make a trade-off, right? Either we go 5050 between agencies and small business, right? Which means that, you know, you're only reaching out to maybe 10 people a day, which is not or you try a different channel, which is what I'd like to do if you're on board with that.Nicole Farley: Yeah. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: A different channel is LinkedIn ads targeting, right?Nicole Farley: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: because that's something that we didn't talk about before.Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I would take the, you know, I would take one grand off what you're paying me and I would just invest it back into the LinkedIn ads targeting. What that would do is give us two parallel campaigns running side by side.Nicole Farley: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: One is going to be direct to the inbox as we're doing right now.  
00:12:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: The other one, if you're on board with it, would be a simple ad campaign that we run. The reason why I do that on small businesses and not agencies is because there's just so many more small businesses as opposed to agencies.Nicole Farley: Yeah. Right.Hassaan Ahmad: So we feel that with 1,000 and you know you've got experience as well.Nicole Farley: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: So with $1,000 we should get at least a good signal on where this is landing, right? If that gets us five to 10 conversations, I think that's good enough.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um if you're on board.Nicole Farley: Let's Let's do it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: Yeah. I trust you guys.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicole Farley: I think that's a good idea. Let's do it.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. So, we'll set it up then. Um, somewhere around middle of next week, we should have the landing page up. We'll just host it. It's just quicker for us to do it.  
00:13:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: But set up the landing page.Nicole Farley: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you have a a business manager set up for K or account on LinkedIn?Nicole Farley: Business manager for what? For Oh, I think I do. Yes. Let me Yes, I do. I do. I do. I do because I've tested running ads um there before.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: I'll send you guys access.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicole Farley: Or if you have access to my LinkedIn, you might you'll be able to find it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I'll ask to look into that. So, yeah.Nicole Farley: It It's in there.Hassaan Ahmad: So, yes, we'll set up the landing page. We'll get some creatives done by the middle of next week. We'll have a campaign going and then for the remainder of the month, we'll run that campaign. We'll actually spend as much of that money as possible and uh test it out.Nicole Farley: Okay. What do I need to I feel like I need to be doing something.  
00:14:04
 Nicole Farley: Do I need to be just like randomly reaching out to people? like what what what do I do?Hassaan Ahmad: Um, nothing yet, I think. Um yeah, nothing.Nicole Farley: Let me know. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, leave that to us.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We would when we have somebody who's interested in having a conversation, then obviously you need to get involved and do the demo, right? But till anybody reaches that point, it's all us. So we own that entire process with you. Um how do we book a time with you?Nicole Farley: Um I can send you my calendarly think Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, that would be helpful. just drop that on the Slack and then we can we can take care of that as well. All right. Should we get a weekly 30 minute call in check in just think where we are?Nicole Farley: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Let me look at my calendar. Does this time work for you?Nicole Farley: Yeah. This time works. I'm also like my Tuesdays and Wednesdays are pretty open. I mean, I only I don't have a ton on my calendar right now. Hopefully I get more on my calendar soon, but not right now.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, I think Wednesday might be too soon because we've already spoken. So, we'll obviously keep on talking on Slack, but let's set up a call for Friday every week.Nicole Farley: Yeah, perfect.Hassaan Ahmad: And, uh, I'm very hopeful that by next Friday, we should have some good results from these campaigns and then we'll take it from there.Nicole Farley: Yeah, me too.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Awesome. All right.Nicole Farley: Okay, thank you.  
Transcription ended after 00:15:55

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
