---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Mike x Remotir - Next Steps – 2025/10/14 09:27 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:20.017Z
meeting_date: 2025-10-14T08:43:57.697Z
---


Mike x Remotir - Next Steps - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mike, how are you?Mike Newman: Good morning, Hassan. How you doing?Hassaan Ahmad: Good morning. I'm well. You Yeah.Mike Newman: Good. Yeah, not bad, thanks. Not bad. So, just uh um wondering where my Monday disappeared to, but anyway. So, I'm still get I've still got the same workload left to do today, but anyway. So, I'll get through it.Hassaan Ahmad: If if you find it, let me know because I'm looking for mine as well. It just disappeared.Mike Newman: Good. How's things?Hassaan Ahmad: I I understand you spoke with Nick yesterday.Mike Newman: I did. Yes. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh keen to hear your thoughts.Mike Newman: Yeah. I mean, I think I I think he's probably got uh we probably had quite similar views on things. Um um I mean, I think the upshot is I'm willing to give it a go, right? Um I um what I'd like to do is so if we're doing the three months what I would like to do is suggest that we give a revenue share of 10% on anything we we any leads that turn into business.  
00:04:02
 Mike Newman: So any leads generated in the three months that turn into business like one closed one sales um I'm happy to do a revenue share at 10% of the annual uh the the 10% of the first year revenue basically.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Mhm.Mike Newman: So um on the basis that hopefully that gives you uh additional motivation to really go for it in the first three months as well and then it's a a win-win.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Mike Newman: SoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Look, that that is very very generous. So, appreciate that. So, just so I'm summarizing this, then you're happy to do a threemonth pilot with us, 3,000 per month plus a 10% revenue share for anything that Okay, I think that that's great.Mike Newman: y yeah I think the only the only caveat would be that the business that we closed the business within 6 months basically which if it's inbound leads they will move tend to move faster you know so that's the you know obviously because we don't we can't have it never you know never ending kind of I mean I'm happy actually we can make it 9 months if you want I I'm not too worried about that it's just that it can't be in perpetuity if the lead comes back in in six years time that you say that you have a claim in that so you know so I think as long as we've put a reasonable like  
00:05:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: of course. Yeah, that's that'sMike Newman: window on it that so as long as if it's a that you guys help us generate or generate for us in the in the next 3 months as we try this and it closes to business within say 9 months of uh of our um our um the pilot and then we would honor the the 10% on so so it depends whether it's inbound or outbound leads.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Yeah, that is fair. How long is your current sales cycle? So I IMike Newman: For for outbound leads, it tends to be longer. So outbound can be anything from 6 months to 18 months depending on the size of the company. And if it's outbound, but if it's an inbound lead, it tends to move a lot faster. So inbound can be anything from we've had it as short as well, we might have one this week that is potentially a small one, but is possibly going to close within 10 days. So um but I would say generally for the small the the the sort of mid-market leads that come inbound were probably around the three to could be three to four months something like that.  
00:06:36
 Mike Newman: So SoHassaan Ahmad: Okay, fair. Now 3 months is I mean it sounds like a long time but you know for a pilot we want to make it very very focused. You mentioned in our last call that the opportunity that you were seeing was within the accountancy sector right? Is that what you would want us to target? Are you happy for us toMike Newman: I mean we we are we are as a business just now we are we have a very compelling story for that target market. However, the reality is we recognize that not all they're not all out on the market for a solution like ours at this point in time because a lot of them don't know they have the problem yet.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: They don't know that other products don't do what they actually need it to do until we get there.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, heat.Mike Newman: So, um, so that is what it is one of our target markets, but I'm not precious about it. So, I'm kind of potentially open to doing it.  
00:07:38
 Mike Newman: You know, if you want to do a bit of experimentation on it, I'd be open to that as well. So, happy to um you know, just you know, m that one over and just see if we can workshop it and figure out what would the best plan be.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I I would recommend that. So, let's do this then. I can send across my agreement to you. It's pretty standard later today.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Look at that. Um, and let's sign it as soon as possible, say end of the week. Let's also set up a 90minute kickoff session for some time starting next week. What that would allow us to do is um go through your website, see the kind of case studies you have already. I saw lot of healthcare in there.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I feel that healthcare is one that we could also go after. Um but let us form an opinion on that.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: What we would like to do in the kickoff session then is for you to give us a download of what makes your product special.  
00:08:38
 Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: um take us through the product as as well. You know, just take us on the journey that you would a customer as you as you onboard them.Mike Newman: Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So we can we can understand, you know, what exactly is the most differentiating feature of the product.Mike Newman: You good?Hassaan Ahmad: After off the back of that kickoff session, what we're going to do is we're going to create a strategy document for you in which we would document um who this should appeal to, why they should appeal to them and which market you should go after, right?Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I would want to keep it as focused as possible. Accounting is, you know, if you're getting some good traction there and the story's there, might as well be where we start.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Let us form an opinion on that and by the end of next week provided we can do the kickoff on Monday we should have that ready week following that we should be able to uh to create the messaging  
00:09:30
 Mike Newman: Okay. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: for that that would be a collaborative process we would create it we would send it to you love your feedback if you want your team's eyes on it that would be helpful because you are ground and whatever insightsMike Newman: Yep. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: you have are invaluable so we incorporate all of that and we then go live with it. Um, we would want to go live with the campaigns as quickly as possible. Obviously, give the algorithm quite a fair bit of time to learn, to optimize, and so forth. On the algorithm, you're obviously running the campaigns right now. What's going to happen to thoseMike Newman: Uh, so I'm actually I'm going to switch these off because I've just not found I've got really any traction with them. I think we had a couple of leads on the accountancy campaign. We got a couple of form fills in and then it's just gone really quiet recently. So, and then the other one which is there's some lead forensics lead retargeting that I'm doing where we've identified accounts on lead forensics that have been in our website.  
00:10:38
 Mike Newman: That's not really come to much either. So, I'm planning to I was going to optimize that. So, um, and what I mean by that is just rather than retarget every account that's been on the website, I was going to retarget, um, ones that had either spent more time, but ones that hadn't bounced straight away. So, ones that hadn't just been to the landing page. So, if they've been around, looked at a case study or pricing or free trial or something like that, then just double down on on retargeting them because they found us or generally they'll have found us through organic search.Hassaan Ahmad: Huh?Mike Newman: And if they're going to more than the homepage, that means there's potentially that is a bit more genuine signals of of interest. So, I'm planning to just change the way that that works a little bit to to focus on on that.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Newman: Um, so I take it that's okay and won't interfere with I can just leave that running separately or Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh should be fine. But what I would also do is I would have I would set up a meeting between you and my media buyer, my marketeteer.  
00:11:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um the good thing with you because of your existing efforts is that your your audience is slightly warm and your algorithm already has the data, right? So your pixel already has the data.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think there's an opportunity for us to speed up the process and use the insights that you already have, the audience that you have already created and put some sort of a you know multi- channelannel focus on them. But I'm I'm leave that to my marketeer right discussion with them and you know after that we can we can define rules of engagement so to speak.Mike Newman: Okay. Yep. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: What CRM do you use?Mike Newman: Uh so we use Salesforce as our CRM. Uh but we also use HubSpot for marketing automation.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: Um so we can push uh leads into either of those systems and they'll sync they'll sync basically. So, um, do you have a preference in terms of Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: We work a lot with HubSpot.  
00:12:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: So again, I leave that to my marketeer. I do the strategy. I do the messaging.Mike Newman: Yep. Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: He does the marketing and the platforms the so I'm leave it to him.Mike Newman: Okay. Yep. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So the three of us are going to be in that kickoff anyway. So you'll have the chance to meet the team. We can uh we can talk about what each of us is going to do.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: But yeah excited to get this started with you Mike. Really appreciate the the token of confidence and uh in three months I'm sure we're going to be very very happy.Mike Newman: Uh-huh. Okay. Right. Well, look, look forward to it. And uh you know, um yeah, I I I think I'm I'm up for it. I think um you know, as I said, I I I think I'm keen to make sure you you guys are incentivized to basically make it work as well.  
00:13:41
 Mike Newman: So, um, uh, yeah, I'm keen to get started and hopefully it can be the start of something long term. So, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. That's what we're hoping for as well. Um I always say to Nick and others that you know the three grand doesn't pay my bills, you know.Mike Newman: Uhhuh. Yeah. I mean, and and and we don't, you know, we don't have a marketing team at the moment. You know, I am the marketing team. So you know by by you know uh working with you guys that gives us a marketing capability that we don't have and if that can you know if that can deliver us lead flow um on a consistent basisHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Mike Newman: then you know we I don't why would we want to turn that off? So, okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Look, that's that's the entire goal anyway. So, great. Leave that with me. I'm going to adapt the agreement to what we've discussed. Just so I have you and I can do it.  
00:14:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: I assume your company details are the same that I can find on company's house.Mike Newman: Yes, they are.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Perfect.Mike Newman: Um, just if you're using any correspondence address, if you use our Glasgow office, the the the head office is Regent Street London, but the Glasgow office is where all our mail goes. So, if it's a postal address and you're looking to actually get something to us, then use that as the mailing address. But, um, the company registered office is the Regent Street London address.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, that's fine. Um, it's all going to be electronic anyways.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: We're never going to be sending you any mail.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay, good. Leave that with me. You should have the agreement in the next few hours. Take a look. If you want a call to discuss that or anything, you know, just shoot me a note and we can put something in. But very standard. So, I hope that's going to be okay. All right, Mike. I'm very excited. Thanks again.  
Transcription ended after 00:15:49

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
