---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Dan / Hassaan - Revenue/Marketing proposal for Nick – 2026/04/07 09:58 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-04-07T10:14:32.567Z
meeting_date: 2026-04-07T09:47:55.856Z
---


Dan / Hassaan - Revenue/Marketing proposal for Nick - Transcript
00:00:00
 Dan Watt: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: Dan, good morning. How are you?Dan Watt: Good. Yeah. You have a good uh Easter.Hassaan Ahmad: I did have a good Easter. So, I'm currently in Pakistan. I decided to come visit my parents for a little while and uh I utilized the break to just you know travel,Dan Watt: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: unpack, get rid of my jet lag and I'm here inDan Watt: where? Sorry. Where are you?Hassaan Ahmad: Pakistan.Dan Watt: I'm in Pakistan.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: IHassaan Ahmad: Have you ever been? Yeah. Would highly recommend.Dan Watt: um Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's really nice.Dan Watt: Yeah. I had a guy um had a guy from Pakistan. He worked for me. Um I think he his relatives were all like in the countryside with animals, you know, and everything. AndHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No, we're uh my family is based in Islamabad,Dan Watt: uhHassaan Ahmad: the capital. So, yeah, people are surprised.  
00:02:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: Every single time um you know, I have someone visit me, I always ask them what surprises them the most. They always like the roads because I don't know if you ever been to like developing countries, but they have this weird obsession with roads. You know, the roads need to be 16 lanes, you know, signal free, and that's what they build. It's quiteDan Watt: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: insane.Dan Watt: I've been I've been to um Ghana in uh West Africa. It's probably the um most different place I've been and yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: like the in the in the capital, you know, the roads are better than in London, aren't they?Hassaan Ahmad: You know what I mean, right? Like they just have this obsession with roads, but everything else is, you know, as it is, but the roads are always topnotch.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: There was uh funnily enough there was this war that took place or there were I think war preparations or something with India some time ago and they actually tested landing aircraft military aircraft on the roads.  
00:03:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: We're like all right well if the runways were to go out do we have a plan B? And the plan B was just use the roads. They're so nice. It's insane.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Well, how how have you been? How was your break?Dan Watt: Yeah. Good. Yeah. Yeah. I had um Yeah. I got a whole week off with uh with kids and uh went down to Kent and got some sunshine.Hassaan Ahmad: Nice. How many you got? Oh,Dan Watt: Got two boys uh seven andHassaan Ahmad: all right. How old?Dan Watt: 10.Hassaan Ahmad: Mine is just about to turn three. So, now he's in that phase where he's starting to realize what he likes, what he doesn't like. loves the rain apparently, which is bad for me because wants to go in the rain.Dan Watt: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, good stuff. Which beach did you go to?Dan Watt: Oh, we're around um Witchable.  
00:04:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Yeah, love it. White Sands.Dan Watt: Oh, no. That's Stony Bear. Stony.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: good stuff, man. Good stuff. So, hey, I appreciate you jumping 10 a.m. on this call right after the break. Thought we would kick off with a quick recap of where we left the things. Just make sure nothing has changed between the last time we spoke, which was about, I think, a week or two ago, and now.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And really what we want to get to in this meeting, you know, as far as my plan is concerned is to a shared understanding of what Nick would like to see in the meeting that we have later this week, if it's even worth, you know, meeting him at all.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And if it is, what do we want to show him and speak to him? What plan would work for him that would help you get from where you are to where you want to be um given that Hannah and sle.  
00:05:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: Does that make sense? Yeah. So from my notes where we left things off were or what we discussed last week were whenever we spoke was we're at 700K your founder is doing everything. So he's and you've stepped into the marketing role now pivoting well you're wearing the product hat but you are going to be wearing some of the marketing sales hat as well. Anna is leaving which has created a gap. you're currently at one meeting, one inbound meeting per month, per week.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, which is not where you want to be.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And where our conversation went from memory was a lot of the stuff that you've done so far has been on the brand awareness side of things. So, you've created lead magnets, you've done blogs, etc., etc., but that's not converting because, well, it's brand awareness and not conversion. So we discussed potential move away from brand awareness or a complement from brand awareness into conversion something that gives you the run rate that you need in order to get to the revenue that you want to be.  
00:06:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: You gave me 2 million we settled at 350K because that was more realistic. But that's what those are the numbers that I want to kind of really drill deep on today. Make sure that they're aligned. But is that what you remember as well or have I missed anything?Dan Watt: Yeah. Yeah, that's Yeah, that'sHassaan Ahmad: Perfect. So, um, has anything changed between the last time we spoke andDan Watt: No, I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: now?Dan Watt: yeah, I had a chat with Nick to make sure that I could book the meeting in and explain to him what's going on.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: He was quite Yeah, he was quite open to the idea.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: Um, so we've got we've got a meet on Thursday.Hassaan Ahmad: Good.Dan Watt: He's coming to meet me in the office and we've got a meeting with um the other thing we're looking at is into having a fractional CMO.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: That's the other option we're looking at this week.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: So we've got meetings with two fractional CMOs on Thursday morning and then you in the afternoon.  
00:07:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Dan Watt: UmHassaan Ahmad: How many So you are basically interviewing for fractional CMOS. Okay. All right.Dan Watt: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I've been thinking about that and one thing that I that we didn't discuss last week that I'm really curious about is what's the job to be done? You know, what's the JTBD when you think about it? When you think about bringing a fresh CMO in,Dan Watt: IHassaan Ahmad: what are you trying to achieve?Dan Watt: guess it I mean I guess it's similar to what we'd want you to do, right? That build some stuff that's going to bring in the build some stuff that's going to bring in the leads and then if they have a one of one of the ways they sold it in is like they have a good contact book of all of the other experts that could work with us. Right? So, it's not that they're going to build us build us landing pages necessarily,Hassaan Ahmad: Nice.Dan Watt: although maybe they can do that, but they'll know, you know, they'll know the UX designers, graphic designers, the website designers.  
00:08:16
 Dan Watt: Yeah. But it's that, you know, that strategy side and then it's, you know, it's a month-to-month thing and then you can turn them off. that you can, you know, you can go,Hassaan Ahmad: Go.Dan Watt: you go down to two days a month, but then you just say, well, we've set everything up now. We're managing internally, we can turn it off.Hassaan Ahmad: Go on,Dan Watt: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: sir.Dan Watt: so that's the um yeah, so it might be so it might really be similar stuff, you know, guys manages some paid campaigns and so on likeHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. So, what you're really looking for is anyone to bring in leads. No matter what the title is, no matter what form that takes. It's just you need leads at the end. Correct.Dan Watt: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: I mean what's interesting with your I haven't you know I haven't we haven't spoken to the the actual fractional guys yet. So it's whether you know if if it's not their particular expertise in that you know that side of marketing if they can't persuade us for that then it'll be a different then maybe it's a different thing right but also that your model with having  
00:09:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: orDan Watt: the revenue share has got the pros and cons doesn't it?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: So it's theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. I mean we always feel that that aligns interests because a lot of the times when I speak with founders they've been burnt by people you know just take the money and leave you know with nothing to show for it like two three monthDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: mark so when we thought about how to how we tackle that problem just you know revenue share works best we only win when you guys win vice versa keeps us focused keeps us very very aligned to to what you want and that you know as you're saying just it's more appreciated. Okay, good. So I understand why you're going for the fractional CMO route um and and what you're looking for them to do for you. You might have noticed that I have also invited my co-founder Adnan to the call as well. So the guy is a UX designer. Well, he was a UX designer at startups but now he's at Meta.  
00:10:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: um does UX but he also does landing pages and stuff for us. So rather than us outsourcing it, it's just something he can do really quickly and he and I have really nice bandwidth and we know you know what to do and how to drive the maximum conversion. So I think that he would be a good person to have on the call as well. He can talk a bit more about the way we structure it, how we host it, you know, any technical questions that you have and so forth. But also um one of the things that he does really well is talk about the UX side of things, right? So as you are moving people away from Annie into the trackers and so forth, you know, he might be someone that you can lean on for some UX advice and so forth. We wouldn't do a full-on engagement on the UX, you know, wireframing and so forth, but ad hoc stuff, if you want to shoot us anything on Slack, we're more than happy to to get involved with that as well.  
00:11:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Um the question that I had was the number the revenue number. Yeah. So you said 2 million because you guys were looking at some sort of an exit and that's the number that came up in conversations. Have you been able to nail that down a bit on what you would want to see in the next 90 days, 180 days, 365 and so forth?Dan Watt: No, no. I I think that's something more we can just something more to go for on Thursday really to get um Nick nailed down onHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Get it from I'm just making a note. Um because the last thing I want to do is show up with numbers that he doesn't recognize and then thatDan Watt: Yeah. Well, maybe I'll try and I'll try and um between now and Thursday,Hassaan Ahmad: makesDan Watt: I'll try and um get some numbers out numbers out of him. And uh so so you saying what 19? Well, I think we we're we might have a number now for what we actually closed at as well because the 700K was bit of a rough guess from what what I'd heard before.  
00:12:28
 Dan Watt: So, we'll see what's actually closed at.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: Um and uh see what we say 90 days what 6 months a year that kindHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. It would be helpful to know, right? Because what ultimately needs to happen is and I'm sure you have your internal process but you will be looking at you'll be running some sort of numbers correct and you'd be trying to get to what is the ROI that we can get from this yeah you do that for you do that for the CMO andDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: so forth and if and I'm more than happy to help you with that ROI calculation but if that number is not based in reality you know if you're targeting 2 million and you know something else then the whole business case fails. Yeah. So the number needs to be grounded in reality the assumptions need to be very very clearly called out and once we achieve that that's the number that we can achieve on has been realistic and that's what we hold ourselves accountable to going forward.  
00:13:24
 Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. when you um is this the is this the first time you're going to bring in a CMO kind of person in um from the marketing or have you done that in the past asDan Watt: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: well.Dan Watt: We've only had like one two day strategies in the past, nothing I think or uh just likeHassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Good stuff, man.Dan Watt: this.Hassaan Ahmad: Um those were the questions that I had.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, you there?Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I'm not sure what happened.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Let me share my screen. Can you see it?Dan Watt: No.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Right. Perfect. So, what we discussed last NoDan Watt: Sorry. JustHassaan Ahmad: worries.Dan Watt: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So this may look familiar to you. What we talked about was if we were to target 50% more revenueDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: than what you have today.  
00:15:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: So that's a number that you need to validate to me. What would it take? Yeah. given your average contract value of 10,000 and the fact that it takes about four meetings to find one qualified opportunity and if that is the case out of the meetings out of the qualified opportunities you have you convert one in every two. Yeah. And so what we got to was you need 2x pipeline which means you need 700k in pipeline in the next 12 months which equates to 175 in um per quarter or 58,000 roughly six deals per month because you need to find four meetings for a deal to be found. So four meetings one in four converts. You need about 24 meetings per month. Yeah. Now, no one can predict how many meetings you would get. If somebody guarantees that um I'm I'm a bit worried for them. Yeah. Because B2B is very different. It's different week to week. Seasonality comes into play and so forth.  
00:17:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: So what we try to target is a realistic cost per meeting. Yeah. Based on the industry averages, based on um what we have seen across our campaigns and so forth, we have a fairly good idea on what it costs us to get somebody in through the door and we can then predict what would happen once they are through the funnel. Yeah. 350 is the higher end of what it costs us executive into the yeah sea level at an enterprise buyer. So the first question for you um today and this would help me build some sort of a business case ahead of our presentation there is when you are having a conversation internally uh sorry with a customer what does your ICP look like is it in terms of their title in terms of their role and where they sit. You withDan Watt: Yeah. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: me?Dan Watt: submit. Yeah. Some companies, some companies we do end up going up to the CEO. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.  
00:18:37
 Dan Watt: sometimes we go through the marketing director, some we've gone with,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: some we've gone through the sales director, and then some companies have their own kind of like insights innovation team that have got us that have got us in. So it really it depends on the depends on like the size of a company or who who'sHassaan Ahmad: Okay, gotcha.Dan Watt: who's intoHassaan Ahmad: Let me Yeah, let me let me rephrase then. So in a B2B sales cycle uh sure you know this so don't wantDan Watt: data.Hassaan Ahmad: to repeat or anything but there's three main people that you want. There's a product champion, there's a business champion and the economic buyer. Product champion is the person who's going to use your tool. Business champion is who actually feels the business outcomes out of the usage of your tools. Economic buyer is the guy with the budget. Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So if we were to find you the best like a meeting that if you were to have it it will 100% lead to an opportunity would that be so who would be the product champion who'd be the business champion and economic buyer we can leave because that's probably going to be you know someone else.  
00:19:55
 Dan Watt: Yeah. Um, so the the kind of C the kind of category they call like category manager would be theHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: userHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: and they yeah and in a smaller in a some companies don't have that kind of category department and then they have more uh or oh some companies like the kind of R&D you know the more like product development for which in you know food wise rather than rather than uh rather than program product so that's that's kind of users well sometimes users the sales people now with this our latest products, the sales people using it and then theHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: um and then the the actual what did you say the products?Hassaan Ahmad: product champion and the business champion.Dan Watt: Oh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So product champ.Dan Watt: So then the business champion can then be theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: marketing can be then be the marketing director, the sales director um or the CEO. That's who we've currentlyHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: umHassaan Ahmad: Okay.  
00:21:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: Fair enough. U that's very helpful. And the reason I asked this question is because we have significant experience in impacting this number. So bringing it lower like way lower through targeting. Yeah. So having an idea of who we're going to go after helps us massively.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. There's always going to be one to two weeks maybe three of testing before we can nail down on something that really works that we know is repeated success rather than you know one-off fluke.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But um targeting business champions for example leads to conversion of one to two. Yeah, rather than one to four,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we impact that life changes dramatically because look at I want you to look at cell D16 and see what happens when I change that number. Yeah. So this is how we drive efficiency through the entireDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: funnel through targeting. Yeah. Okay. So, I'm going to fill this cell in later.  
00:22:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: ACV for the trackers, you said it was around 10K. Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And we're going to target the trackers for the initial, let's call it pilot, shall we?Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Trackers. Let's say pilot. Nice. Okay. Um, revenue logos.Dan Watt: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Who currently uses the trackers? Do you have customers?Dan Watt: we've got um on the ingredient. So, we've got different types trackers on the ingredient one. We've got uh maybe three got three ingredient manufacturers, branded ingredient manufacturers using it.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: Um on theHassaan Ahmad: Do you have Yeah.Dan Watt: pricing yeah we got two on the pricing andHassaan Ahmad: Sorry. Go for it.Dan Watt: then on our you know I said we've got like on a legacy system that we're then companies on there we're companies are now like moving over to use these as well transfer from their old package rightHassaan Ahmad: The legacy product was Annie, correct? Okay. And you have how many logos for  
00:24:13
 Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Annie?Dan Watt: 10 to 15.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Case studies I already saw. So you have some case studies but are they specifically for these products or are they more for anyDan Watt: U they're just general across really.Hassaan Ahmad: okay fine we talked about theDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: industries's right to play. You mentioned CPG ingredient manufacturer portfolio holders dairy companies. Is that the same for pricing and ingredient tracking?Dan Watt: forHassaan Ahmad: WouldDan Watt: for pricing. Um the brand the brands quite keen like big brands and contract manufacturers are on that as well.Hassaan Ahmad: you happen to have a list of these?Dan Watt: Got a list of big brands and contractHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: manufacturers.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you have a target list already made?Dan Watt: No, I have four. I've done that more for the ingredients, but I haven't done it for content manufacturers yet.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Okay. GTM approach. How are you competitively placed for both of these products?  
00:25:51
 Dan Watt: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: From your website, it sounded like you were one of one. You don't really have a lot of competitors. Is that correct?Dan Watt: I haven't looked to the I've not used the competitive products around this kind of data, but um I think on the for the ingredient one, I don't think anybody's I don't think anybody can get the data anywhere else that we're providing. It's too Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: it's very niche.Hassaan Ahmad: And what moves faster? So if you were, so let's say if he were to get you a lead for ingredient tracking versus a lead for um price tracking, what would be a faster sales cycle for you?Dan Watt: Uh for price, usually we just sell stuff we already have we already track the price for. Whereas ingredients, we often then have to set up and um do some data entry work, do some do some like data processing to like get a new ingredient into the system. So it depends what the ingredient is. So my approach my approach on the sales has been right, we've currently got 12 ingredients.  
00:27:17
 Dan Watt: we've already sold and done all the work. We're trying to resell those. Um and then those we can sell it.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: Yeah. Then it's instant.Hassaan Ahmad: When you sayDan Watt: Um no, I mean then then not not the sales cycle,Hassaan Ahmad: inDan Watt: but for us to actually um we've got, you know, then we've got a strong handle on right we can we can give them access to the we can give them access to the tools very quickly.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. forDan Watt: where some of the other some other quotes come in. Like if they're interested in ingredient we've never um worked with before,Hassaan Ahmad: aDan Watt: then we might need a we might need a runway of a month to get it all set up. You see?Hassaan Ahmad: for a trial or a demo or somethingDan Watt: No, no.Hassaan Ahmad: else when you say give themDan Watt: To to um to just give them access. Well, I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: access.Dan Watt: yeah. to actually to sell them the product to you know what they're going to have at the end, right?  
00:28:16
 Dan Watt: So,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: we can probably give we can probably give a better often like in the historically we've often demoed using the data people actually want to buy, right? Um but if somebody comes if somebody comes to us and they want an ingredient we don't have then we just demo other ingredients so they get the idea but obviously it's not as umHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Dan Watt: convincingHassaan Ahmad: What does your sales process typically look like? So, let's say somebody's come in and they've had a first or they've wanted to have a first meeting with you. What would that look like?Dan Watt: Well, that's more been that's more been the CEO doing that and I've not really been involved. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: I wouldn't want to um I wouldn't want to make somethingHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. Ask about sales process. What I'm trying to get to um then in case you're wondering is what moves the needle faster for you. We could get someone. So let's say there's a niche ingredient that all of a sudden somebody wants.  
00:29:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: We could get five leads for them, but if it's going to take you a month to just set it up for somebody else, that's a month lost, right? as a month without revenue. So ideally what we want to get to is set up in a way where you start getting revenue as quickly as possible so that the revenue that you get in can then go and feeding the demand creation, the demand generation for the next thing and the next thing.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So it becomes a reinforcing cycle. Does that makeDan Watt: Yeah. So, yeah. So, I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: sense?Dan Watt: what the way that I approached it when I had a go that be that we've got we've got a set we've got a set of ingredients that we've got a really good handle on that we've already got back and we know there's demand for we know there's demand for like reports and data on. So um so and I think also people are more likelyHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: to search those they're more likely to search for that ingredient they people don't search for I need an ingredient tracker they search for I need you know that I need creatine product tracking or I need creatine intelligence something.  
00:30:42
 Dan Watt: So um if we did if we did campaigns around specific ingredients as a as a test I think that's probably the um way the way to go.Hassaan Ahmad: Correct. Um, how familiar are you with with the difference between Google, LinkedIn, Meta and so forth inDan Watt: in terms of how the adsHassaan Ahmad: terms of where do you go or when do you go to aDan Watt: work.Hassaan Ahmad: platform? Sorry.Dan Watt: Well, I know no, I'm not. Uh, you go on there. Oh, yeah. I I mean, I couldn't articulate where where you go to which one. I I think You know, I would go LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: LinkedIn is more about I find it more personally, you know, it's more about people recommending stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: It's got that that side to it, whereas Google you feel more like it's uh you know, open search, isn't it? So, feels different.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Do you have a view on where you would want to advertise if you were to do it?  
00:32:13
 Dan Watt: I mean pre yeah historically it's all been linked in that we've um had anything that we've tried anything but I'm notHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, Google is typically very expensive. Very expensive as opposed to So, it's Google in terms of the most expensive LinkedIn and then Meta. In terms of the quality, then Meta gives you the least quality. So you would get 90% leads which are going to be rubbish.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: LinkedIn is it's a it's a spectrum. You could get depending on how good your targeting is and how how how good your campaign setup is. You could get insanely good quality or you could get absolute rubbish. Yeah, we saw that you were on the letter end of the spectrum because your targeting was a mess last time, right? You were getting 81% hits in Egypt.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So that's that's a big thing. Google you're searching for. So Google is for intentbased search. Yeah. If somebody knows that they're looking for creatinian tracking, then Google's the best place.  
00:33:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. But Google only captures demand. Doesn't create demand.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So if you've got a product that people aren't going to be searching for actively, Google's not the place for it. Yes. One of the decisions that we'll need to make based on um what we get from you and Nick once we start this during our kickoff is the channel selection. Yeah. So, we're not going to come in with we're only going to run meta. Well, I know I'm not going to run meta campaigns for you, right?Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But we're not going to come in and say that's the only thing we're going to do, right? That depends on what people are going to be searching for, what's the search volume and so forth. So that's part of the research that we would do before we actually go in and say, "All right, well, this is what you need to be doing and this is how much you need to be spending." MakeDan Watt: Yeah. I mean what what we what I do know people search for that are  
00:34:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: sense?Dan Watt: relevant to us is um it's the trade shows is people go people search for Ver foods which like the biggest um trade show in Europe really thought we do um there's yeah there's a couple of others but they they search for thatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: and um that you know we would know that if people search for that they would be relevant you know there's a very high chance they'd Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Dan Watt: What we sawHassaan Ahmad: But the thing is you guys are already on trade shows, right? Nick's doing what, three, four a year maybe, not more. Um, so the question that we are answering is how do we complement that? How do we get into a situation or how do we position him or put him in a positionDan Watt: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: where people come to the trade show already aware about nutrition integrated?Dan Watt: no.Hassaan Ahmad: So thereDan Watt: What I meant is is the trade show a keyword that we could use in Google ads because we know people are searching that.  
00:35:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely. Yeah.Dan Watt: ButHassaan Ahmad: But then if somebody's not searching for specific ingredient tracking, they're just interested in the timing or the location for the trade show, you still get charged by Google because it will the result or it doesn't do anything for you.Dan Watt: Yeah. Yeah. So, it's not efficient.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So that's why I'm saying it needs to be hyper specific.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um otherwise you just waste so much money and I've seen clients burn six figure sums literally six figure sums because they checked one box that shouldn't have been checked or they just use something like you know broadbased keyword which people could look for anything makeDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: sense okay so what I'm hearing from you then is we need a bit of workDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: to understand um which product we want to go for first. Yeah. And which channel we want to target for that. Correct. Okay. Good. Based on that, we would be then able to have a very open and honest conversation around what  
00:36:17
 Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that's going to yield. Yeah. But if what we want to get to is a point where if we can lock down the unit economics and we know that costs you let's say 250 or 200 pounds to get a meeting thatDan Watt: Very good.Hassaan Ahmad: converts that's a great position to be in because right now you don't have the data in the lack of data you cannot make any decisions once you have the data you would know all right well if you were to scale to x revenue then that is the lever that we pull and this is what the output of that could be. Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you think Nick's going to be happy with that in the meeting or is he looking for something else?Dan Watt: Yeah. I mean, yeah, this this makes sense to uh toHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: me.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Good. Good stuff, man. What else is he looking to get out of the meeting? Um, has he shared  
00:37:17
 Dan Watt: No,Hassaan Ahmad: anything?Dan Watt: I mean I'm sure it would be questions around what you know what how does it work in terms of you know minimum commitment you know what if what if it's what if it's not working you know how do you work in that senseHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, typical risk management stuff. Um, that's good. Uh, commitment. Is there anything that I would say that would just make him shut down and leave immediately? What's his pet peeve?Dan Watt: Um, no, I'm not I'm not sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: And and then is he going to be so is it just the two of you that need to be on board or is there someone else that also needs to be on board withDan Watt: oh no, just two of us. Yeah. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: this?Dan Watt: what what else? Oh, well, recently recently the pet peeve thing. I was thinking about the the time to um you know the time the time to launch how long it would take to get this stuff to get it you know to get actually  
00:38:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: running because you talk about building landing pages and so on. Um, you know, the worst is bringing a marketing manager and they want to do six months of strategy and, you know, there's no actualHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: leads.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I mean we have been our current run rate is 5 days five business days depending on so after the onboarding so from then five days to launch that obviously is best case scenario. Um well it's not best case we've done it in three as well that was best case. Um but yeah,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think five days is fairly it's better than the industry metric anyway. But this is we can go into that a bit more detail when we talk to Nick. But this is first a research problem, then it's a design problem. So we've got to diagnose and research really well. Based on that, we do the design not just of the landing page, but of the campaign, of the parameters and so forth. Once that stuff is done, that is when we go into creating the creatives.  
00:39:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: So obviously the message has to land perfectly well with the ICP that we're targeting. And if it doesn't, well, the whole thing falls apart. Either they have to res either they have to qualify themselves with it or they disqualify themselves. There's no binary. We don't want may. We want a yes or a no. And the yeses when they come through, that's when we we want to capture them. What I would actually do is on Thursday I will take you guys through an example as well of how we've done it um recently with and and we can share some real numbers around you know what that yielded for us in how much time frame and so forth and that might give you some hard numbers to base your decision on. Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah, that'sHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Good stuff mate. Um, you mentioned that you were looking to bring someone in and then potentially just kind of offramp them and bring things things inhouse. What kind of a time frame are you looking for for this engagement?  
00:40:50
 Dan Watt: Uh I mean I I think you know I think a good year of this working well would you know move things forward. That's kind of time to get on thinking.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. And that's purely based on if it works, it works. If it doesn't, well, you want to you want to have an exit,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but you don't want to beDan Watt: I mean I mean last year we had a sales person but six months he didn't sell anything and that was like how long we could put upHassaan Ahmad: it'sDan Watt: with nothing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Oh, well, got to cut the guy some slack. You said the last time there was nothing to feed them, right?Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. But no, I hear you. So um I think I mentioned that in the past our typical engagement is the the minimum t typical engagement is 90 days.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So 5 to 10 days of setup plus 6 to eight well sixish weeks of campaign launch optimization and so forth.  
00:42:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: Given your prior campaign performance, I'm not going to trust the data that's in it. And the data goes stale very quickly anyway. So we're going to need to train the algorithm, spend some money on it, give it some time, scale it up and so forth and optimize it. So around 90day is the sweet spot where you have a very clear signal of is it working for us or is it not? If it's not working, well, you can tell us to go pick rocks after that.Dan Watt: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: That'sDan Watt: thatHassaan Ahmad: well right. Um, look, I think I have a pretty good idea of how to run the Thursday session. What I would do before that is I would build a deck together and I will shoot that across to you just to kind of bring you on the same page as me and make sure that you know directionally everything is correct. The way we'd want to run the Thursday session is I want to ask Nick a bunch of questions. So kind of nail down these numbers and understand where his head's at in terms of what numbers he wants to hit.  
00:43:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: What does he see as the biggest problem? So when he's in meetings or when he's in trade shows, what comes what stands out as you know weakness that he would want addressed as part of this and so forth. We'll run through some numbers. I'll walk you through that example as well and then we can walk through um if you if you guys were to engage with us what that would look like.Dan Watt: Yeah, thinking about the numbers,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: right? Because, you know, I originally talked about, right, here's what revenue you've got, but that's spread across that's spread across like all kind of work that we do,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: right? So, you know, half of that is half of that is people paying for to present reports back to them and, you know, more consulting stuff, right? and half that is um and then there's a chunk that's the old Annie platform and then the new stuff's coming through. So, if I was to try and get some more numbers out of Nick and we were to frame this,  
00:44:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: is it more about the new stuff that we're working on that we should really give a numbers nowHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Dan Watt: for?Hassaan Ahmad: Now I think that's a great point because well ideally you want to move away from bespoke stuff and more into the product based revenue. Correct.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah that is actually a really really good point. I'll make another product. I'm I'm going to make it product versus services revenue versus um legacy revenue. That's what we are after.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Yeah. Um if you could get that before our meeting,Dan Watt: Oh, yeah. I just want to get you some numbers,Hassaan Ahmad: I'd be able to put Yeah.Dan Watt: but I'm just going to work out which bits to kind of which bits will be most useful for you, like what to focus on.Hassaan Ahmad: product.Dan Watt: So, work out the split like so.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean, itDan Watt: So, this actual product that we want to do the marketing on just get everything We can't put that really  
00:44:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: depends.Dan Watt: in.Hassaan Ahmad: Look, what I want to get to is what does success look like for you?Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I would have no problem putting Nick in front of 600 people for a bespoke engagement. Yeah. Nick's got the profile. You guys have been doing this long enough. You've got the product. that's not going to be a problem.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But if that's not what is aligned with your long-term goals, then that's the wrong thing to be focused on. Yeah. That automatically becomes a byproduct of what we do anyway. Yeah. So, my read is that because you guys are investing quite heavily into the two trackers, both your times and efforts and so forth, and well, it's only the two of you. You don't have a salesperson. you'd probably want to focus more on the product based revenue rather than service based revenue. That's just my so I need a confirmation of that and if that is the case then what is that look like for you?  
00:46:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So currently if the product based revenue is let's say 200k yeah and you want another 200k in the next kind of 12 months that's a good number for us to focus on. Whether that's realistic or not, that's a different conversation. But that at least aligns us in what we're looking to achieve. Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So that's what I'm I'm looking for. The second thing is you mentioned the legacy revenue. So you want to move people away from any to trackers. Yeah. That's a conversation I think which is more appropriate for the on uh when we have the onboarding call if you have it because we would need to design that's that's an awareness problem but that's also more of a product roadmap problem as well right so how do we when I've done it in the past I've won deals where I took people on the road map and showed them what it what it was in it for them where I've lost them is when I just told them hey listen we sunset this product, we're going to the new one.  
00:47:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: They're like, "Well, f*** you. We don't want we don't want the new product. We just want the old one and we don't like you forcing us." Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, that's that's a bigger conversation than just the the marketing stuff, but more than happy to help with that as well.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that would be outside of the scope of a pilot though.Dan Watt: Oh, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: No, I'm not expecting that.Hassaan Ahmad: But it's good to understand.Dan Watt: I was just thinking about which parts of a revenue are important for you toHassaan Ahmad: Exactly. Yeah. So,Dan Watt: understand.Hassaan Ahmad: so it's absolutely the right instinct to be focused on what we want to impact.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Um, so a bit more homework for you then. If you can get me the numbers that would be extremely helpful.Dan Watt: Yeah. And that's easier to then get the personas as well because then it's a lot less products thanHassaan Ahmad: If you could nail down if there's Yeah,  
00:47:48
 Dan Watt: everything.Hassaan Ahmad: personas is something that we do a deep research on anyway.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: like we we have a way of doing a research which is which goes like really deep and that is the first part of the process that we do.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So our typical flow is we do the onboarding call we take the information that you give us away and then we run our process which is extremely extremely deep research that then informs the messaging the play that we're going to make and so forth. We then give you recommendations on this is where we think the opportunity is. This is why you should go for it and so forth. And then once we are all aligned,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we execute on that. Make sense?Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Good stuff. Is there anything that you think we haven't covered that might be interesting for us to cover on Thursday on our AllDan Watt: Um, no, no, I think you're good.Hassaan Ahmad: right. Good stuff, man. It's like uh you know, he's a daddy.Dan Watt: Yeah. Okay. All right. Thanks a lot.  
Transcription ended after 00:49:16

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
