---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Hassaan/Aiza - 1:1 – 2025/05/07 14:58 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:40:02.136Z
meeting_date: 2025-05-07T14:57:09.001Z
---


Hassaan/Aiza - 1:1 - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: should start recording now.Aiza Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, this is how I run my prospecting. Okay, so very simply I go to sales now. Once I have a list set up, I have all these results coming over here. I will select my list. Think I had marketing somewhere. Never mind. I will look at these guys. Don't try to follow it at the same time. Just watch and learn. Okay, please. So I have selected my list and now this is now giving me a feed of the people who are in that list who might have done something. Okay, you have a list of 2400 people of marketing executives already saved. All you have to do sorry that is a saved search. So you might want to save that as a list. Okay. But anyways, you have these people and now you can see, okay, this guy is looking for a new role, Ed Barrett. Who is this guy? Intern project manager.  
00:01:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: I might just click on that guy and I can follow up using that guy. Yeah, let's see. CBR operations director. Let's say there is something in here that I like. I'll click on the guy's name. I will see what he's about. So, lead IQ gives you a lot of information. You can generate leads. Rob's a member of CIB. He holds a certification, successful completion, blah blah blah. You can or you can't decide to do that. It's up to you. You can see his recent activity. He's liking some quotes. He's liking some stuff. If you want, you can get information about CBRE quite quickly as well by clicking here and going to CBRE. But I don't want that. I just want to give this guy a call. Once I've identified this guy, I can simply click on access phone. It will give me a number and I can call. All right, that's one way of doing it.  
00:02:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: And that's one way of doing it really fast. This took me 30 seconds in total. Yeah, there's an even better way of doing this and that better way is when you come to sales navigator, go to your leads. You will see that there are some system generated leads here as well. Okay, you can go to recommended leads. I don't know what you might be seeing, but I think you will see a few people that you might want to call. All right. Again, Claire Green, I don't know why she's being re recommended to me. Well, let's see. Uh, finance transformation excited to be she's speaking at a finance transformation summit. Interesting. Posted that a week ago. She's going to be talking about streamlining accounts payable with automation. Great. That's the kind of person I want to speak with. Pull up Apollo, find the number, give her a call, and the call's going to be, "Hey, Claire, saw that you're going to be speaking at that summit. Curious.  
00:04:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: How are you doing X, Y, and Z?" Again, I don't know if somebody was timing me or not, but I think that took me less than a minute. For 20 people, that's 20 minutes. All right, that's one way of doing it. Now, let's do it the way you're doing it. Lead filters. I'm identifying the people I want to speak with. So, I want to talk to people that have marketing in the thing. I want to talk to C CXO, VP director. I don't want to call people. I want to talk to people in United States. I want people who have posted recently on LinkedIn and the companies that I want to target are the large ones. So, let's say 1,000 to 5,000. All right. Now, that has given me a list of 9,000 people. Okay, now very simple. I know that all of these people have recent posts on LinkedIn. Click on their post. I've been obsessed with Beyond Yoga.  
00:05:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: I don't give a s***. In a crazy media world where there's so much noise, PBS matters. I don't know what PBS is. Interesting. Could come back to that later. Renfield and coming out of Forest to B2B Summit. Hm. Attended the B2B summit. Okay. What's this guy about? All right. Preparing enterprise SAS for acquisition, datadriven blah blah blah. Coming out of talk to diving about buying opportunities. No, that's a guy I could talk to. Pull up Lasha. Sorry. Go to his profile. Pull up Apollo. Get his number. Make a call. Again, I don't know if somebody's timing me, but that cannot have taken me more than two minutes to identify this number as somebody I want to talk to. Right. Are you following what I'm doing? Once I'm done with this guy, go back. All right. Go down. Jean Paul, two mutual connections.  
00:06:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Don't care. One recent post on LinkedIn. If you can refer anyone to our open position. Hm. She's hiring some somebody. Okay, let's see why she's hiding. That's how you do it, right? That is so easy. You have a nuke that you can use if you know how to use it properly.Aiza Khan: I am doing the same thing right now which I figured out yesterday that I this is why I already kept the saved searches as well. So I log in and I'll start making dials like this and uh but I also have to copy paste the numbers the email the title the LinkedIn account everything uh on the sheet as well. So that's why it's taking more time.Hassaan Ahmad: How hard is it, man? Like,Aiza Khan: No, it's not hard. You'reHassaan Ahmad: okay.Aiza Khan: telling meHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Aiza Khan: it'sHassaan Ahmad: No,Aiza Khan: it'sHassaan Ahmad: no,Aiza Khan: takingHassaan Ahmad: no,Aiza Khan: aHassaan Ahmad: no, no,  
00:07:23
 Aiza Khan: minuteHassaan Ahmad: no,Aiza Khan: toHassaan Ahmad: no.Aiza Khan: do this.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's see.Aiza Khan: So, I'm telling you why it's taking me uh time to do it.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. What's your name? Carpenter. entertainmentAiza Khan: email title and u her LinkedIn linkHassaan Ahmad: link. Okay, there we go.Aiza Khan: and then account and account linkHassaan Ahmad: Account. You don't need account link. I don't know why you're copying it, but here you go. I have Carol enter from Cohesity with her number and her LinkedIn link. Oh, her email as well. Sorry, forgot about that. Copy email address. Are you telling me that this is taking you so long that for 20 people this is taking you two hours? What are you telling me here?Aiza Khan: TakeHassaan Ahmad: I did that in front of you. Exactly what you said you are copying and pasting. So what is taking so long? All I need is for you to do that for 20 people a day.  
00:09:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: And by the time the fifth day rolls over, you would have 100 people. If you want to do your silver surface, do that for 40 people a day so that you have 200 people to call and then you would need to spend no time wasting trying to find people. That is a 20 second job which I did in front of you. It took me 3 minutes to identify the person I wanted to call, why I'm calling them, what the b**** is going to be, what their number is, and getting all of those results in. 3 into 20 is 60 minutes. If that is 1 hour of my day, that gives me 7 hours to make calls or 8 hours to make calls. So stop complicating this for yourself. It's not complicated. If there is anything else that you're doing that you want me to show you how to do better or faster, tell me. Because as I've just demonstrated, not only have I done this before, I do this every day and I do this much faster. So I have the shortcuts down. Tell me what you need. Okay. So, three meetings by Friday. Off you go. All right. Cool. He had anything to add.Haider Sarwar: Nope. I thinkHassaan Ahmad: Right.Haider Sarwar: everything clear any questions before you go.Aiza Khan: All good.Haider Sarwar: Okay then.Hassaan Ahmad: Right. now you're seeing What we need to do. So are you the same session with her tomorrow? SoHaider Sarwar: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: the continue the Scalent.Haider Sarwar: absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: Wonderful. All right. Thank you.Haider Sarwar: ThankAiza Khan: ThankHassaan Ahmad: like,Haider Sarwar: you.Aiza Khan: you like this.  
Transcription ended after 00:12:17

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
