---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Remotir Strategy Session – 2026/03/10 12:58 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-10T14:14:27.017Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-10T13:39:27.618Z
---


Remotir Strategy Session - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Starting roll. Hello. How wasAdeel Khan: Yo. Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep. Yeah, I think a body of us.Adeel Khan: Fit. Nice. How are you doing,Hassaan Ahmad: I'm good,Adeel Khan: man?Hassaan Ahmad: man. How are you?Adeel Khan: Feels like I have noHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: energy. I was like precautions later. I hate being sick.Hassaan Ahmad: Good luck, man.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Why don'tAdeel Khan: London.Hassaan Ahmad: you?Adeel Khan: Uh I wasHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: like Manchester is aHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, what are you paying over there?Adeel Khan: Uh like with bills I pay around 550 I think.Hassaan Ahmad: That's not bad.Adeel Khan: Yeah it's 4 425. YeahHassaan Ahmad: Shared bathroom.Adeel Khan: 550ish.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Open. Yeah. Then it's very nice, man.Adeel Khan: So then it's going to be all me.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: between friends. Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah. I had a  
00:02:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Landlord.Adeel Khan: friend the same butHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: together.Hassaan Ahmad: Then I took over the teny myself. So that became interesting.Adeel Khan: Why?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Ga I think we were paying about 16700 at that time.Adeel Khan: M. No.Hassaan Ahmad: It was beneficial for a while.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That was like 300 or something.Adeel Khan: Mother end of that.Hassaan Ahmad: But the moment somebody leaves, you're on the then Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Then we made some suboptimal decisions. Yeah. It was weird, man.Adeel Khan: Yeah, the boysHassaan Ahmad: Reason. Yeah. That's good, man. That's good.Adeel Khan: areHassaan Ahmad: That is good, bro. Inshallah.Adeel Khan: message.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes. So that would be that would beAdeel Khan: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: the first conversion I think from the LinkedIn growth page.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't know, but I have sold him on the 9991. Yeah.Adeel Khan: Nice. GoodHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Adeel Khan: stuff.  
00:04:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: man. That would be the proof.Adeel Khan: Oh, sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh growthAdeel Khan: Conversions. Check my growth stack.Hassaan Ahmad: stand.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Adeel Khan: Not bad. Art convergence. Interesting.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Good s***.Hassaan Ahmad: actually. So I had two meetings yesterday.Adeel Khan: There weHassaan Ahmad: Um meeting that will be I have to submit aAdeel Khan: go.Hassaan Ahmad: proposal on Friday. So I'll do that. or oh boy PMF validation sprint like so we'll see how that goes then the other oneAdeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: was this beat guy just said close so that was 30 minute close providing the other twoAdeel Khan: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: are one of them is in a nurture sequence the other one I haven't yet put in the nurture but what are But I think goal is that's the mainAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: thing. Yeah. Uh I was wondering leadership is is that something should continue? Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Get up.  
00:06:42
 Adeel Khan: with like more how do I say this more conversion focused ones.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: So like more about explaining the process type of thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adeel Khan: So perhaps like ones with like 11 10% CTRHassaan Ahmad: Because if rest of the campaigns are in the UK, the US doesn't makeAdeel Khan: You can get like four or fiveHassaan Ahmad: sense.Adeel Khan: clients.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I think bro, what I'm looking for now is I've realized if I have two to three meetings every day, my capacity to look at the campaigns is going to be very very limited. So I I want you to own this for all clients. So raier fusible my login or yeah that's number one. Number two if inshallah we sign like two or three clients within the next two to three weeks I think we should start looking for a team. So, I'd be looking for you to hire.Adeel Khan: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so we can have a discussion around what that looks like, where you think you will need the most support or then we can talk about that.  
00:08:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: But basically, I want you to own the and I need you to own the campaign management for all of these guys, QK with the meeting flow. I'm I'm I'm getting stretched.Adeel Khan: I'm sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm I'm getting very stretched like etc. etc. Plus, I'm trying to sort out the op side of things, contracts, etc. So, I don't want things to fall through the cracks. We had like 10k MR then we lost it. I don't want to be in that position where we are always just fighting forAdeel Khan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: revenue.Adeel Khan: I go.Hassaan Ahmad: I have a conversation with him every month. He says he's going to churn. I don't know if he's going to churn or not, but we'll see. Um, with this new guy, it's going to be LinkedIn posts plus his campaign. So that I think is going to be the easy stuff. Why will login be so far stable? But we we do need to work on that campaignAdeel Khan: headlines.Hassaan Ahmad: refresh.  
00:09:41
 Adeel Khan: Then we'll look at the other stuff. I don't know if I saw though. Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh I chased him. I told him I don't know if you seen it or not. Um, but yeah, just stay on top of it. Make sure Kirhan does it. Do you think it is worth us whipping up something like this for clawed API? Never mind. Is it worth us putting something like this together for all clients? J we know what things we are working on, what steps are, what we're doing and so forth. Like what would work best for you?Adeel Khan: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: How do you work?Adeel Khan: Is this is this more Yeah, it's basically more I just need context like sometimes I feel the context like have zero context right but if there's context there's obviously very clear next steps that I can give out uhHassaan Ahmad: figure.Adeel Khan: visibility on. mind. I don't really have a specific way ofHassaan Ahmad: I think that context bit is important or so  
00:11:17
 Adeel Khan: working.Hassaan Ahmad: let's use this going forward I don't know at least a month old or something we can just update it um you have the latest context on my login so why don't you go ahead and own this the my login piece I think you're already in it you are already up to date that will inform the road map and then we can just use the road map. So this will be our running list of things that we have to do week over week client specific context and then this becomes the single source of truth and everybody goes over happy. What do youAdeel Khan: Say hello.Hassaan Ahmad: think?Adeel Khan: Oh myHassaan Ahmad: Heroic man. Oh yeah.Adeel Khan: gosh.Hassaan Ahmad: Instagram heroic man official. become heroic. Yeah. The myth of the hero on a horseback. That's the guy. This guy.Adeel Khan: What what's his uh offer?Hassaan Ahmad: So, this is the guy Pete what he wants us to push is it this mastermind. This is a new thing that he has created and this is what we will run the campaign on.  
00:13:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: I think his website is okay.Adeel Khan: Lords of an area.Hassaan Ahmad: UmAdeel Khan: Looks of an area. Look there.Hassaan Ahmad: fully wide quoted AI tells but the thing is the guy knows what he's doing. He has got and this is something really good for us. Inquire about masterAdeel Khan: Hello. Is it the referral network?Hassaan Ahmad: is referral network. 8200 followers here which is why I told him we do meta retargeting as well because why not? We make this guy happy. And I think this would be really cool. He has testimonials, lots of testimonials, videos, texts, stuff that we can just take. blog structure like the guy has done a lot of work. So our job is going to be pretty simple.Adeel Khan: Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: We're going to do LinkedIn thought leadership, LinkedIn ad campaign and we'll decide on meta retargeting. either we do it now given that he's got all the content and stuff. I think it might be worth just doing advantage plus campaign um and see if we can get something through the door quickly through that.  
00:15:11
 Adeel Khan: What isHassaan Ahmad: Anyways,Adeel Khan: ACV?Hassaan Ahmad: ACV 5500 heroic man. Don't tell me I f***** up. Yeah, basically 5,800 to 12,500 to average is 7,500.Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: He's looking for 750K in revenue. Um the rest is what it is. He will start off with a 2 grand ad spend. Obviously, he's not looking for us to bring 25 meetings a month. If we can, great. If he can't, we'll see. But that's what we he's going to do. So it's 7500 pounds per month is the ACV. Sorry,Adeel Khan: OkayHassaan Ahmad: did you ask ACV? Uh 7,500 is going to be the ACV.Adeel Khan: UmHassaan Ahmad: But I I feel very interested in running this system. I think the diff record from us might be oh podcastAdeel Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: here. So there's so much stuff that we can take man.Adeel Khan: You're awake. ComeHassaan Ahmad: Thank you.Adeel Khan: on. Amen.  
00:17:11
 Adeel Khan: NowHassaan Ahmad: beat. Okay, let's up. Yeah. Okay, man. So much stuff that we can Yeah. Pro contenty content.Adeel Khan: Gem bro. Jim bro. Gem broer.Hassaan Ahmad: entry type.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Jim,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: bro.Hassaan Ahmad: I think so. I've sent him the invoice. As soon as he pays, we should be ready to go. He was asking if we can do, I believe, 10:30 a.m. on Thursday.Adeel Khan: Damn.Hassaan Ahmad: Does that work for you?Adeel Khan: or anger.Hassaan Ahmad: Bro, what do you need from me in order to help you just own and run with the campaigns? All of ours.Adeel Khan: boss bro real time visibility. So in a nutshell, I just need to have visibility because I need to have like I need to know exactly whatever they want or expectations etc etc I can craft that up because I think that's been like a problemility like Nick Nick But that'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,  
00:20:18
 Adeel Khan: a Oh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Nick is a f****** annoying person.Adeel Khan: So that's key number one like visibility that's also like the expectations for theHassaan Ahmad: IAdeel Khan: client. So like if you want to be like on boarding we get that done.Hassaan Ahmad: thinkAdeel Khan: If you want to like get that done every website or graphics or strategies do you want do you want that kind ofHassaan Ahmad: bro. I want I think that's a good point. I'll I'll address all of them. So visibility piece definitely I think that's on me and that needs to be addressed. So I will be better neck is a piece of work. and he slacks me and so forth. So,Adeel Khan: Nick the cat is here,Hassaan Ahmad: I'll find a way you I'll keep you posted on that.Adeel Khan: bro. I don't care, bro.Hassaan Ahmad: With all of these guys, there's two things that I can do. Um, okay. I will point you to the treasure trove.  
00:21:48
 Adeel Khan: Yeah. Trans.Hassaan Ahmad: I track everything. So this is Peter Axasan. This was the first Peter J. Um and because I'm a very lazy person, I have gone ahead and converted everything into txt. So you can literally just point claw towards it. It will read the whole thing and it will give you context. So how do I share? Can I share this?Adeel Khan: Why do you txtHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, because me was I'll tell you why. So that's number one.Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um Adam, this is also interesting for you to know if we ever sign this client up. So share TurkishAdeel Khan: Turkish boy.Hassaan Ahmad: coffee.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, Nick, I should find a way to give you access to this. Transcripts. Anyways, I will try to figure this out. Once that's figured out, you would have the transcripts of all of my conversations, but I don't want you reading them and I need to get better at giving you context.  
00:23:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, I will I'll work on that and I'll I'll find a cadence there. Those in terms of expectations, the expectations I'm setting with clients is we're going to go live in 5 days.Adeel Khan: Go.Hassaan Ahmad: Have you seen targetAdeel Khan: No.Hassaan Ahmad: here? Can you see my screen?Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Get that here.Adeel Khan: Repository for every client. any for every client that'sHassaan Ahmad: I will show you the back end of this.Adeel Khan: basicallyHassaan Ahmad: Um, this is all I do. It will take five minutes, but let's let it do it. So, while it's doing its thing, I'll show you the back end repo just projects and then between all projects it has the clients that we're working on. So for my login for example the four the three things that we've done for them accounting back uh blind spotAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: sovereignity and sovereignity what it does is it creates this this like it literally creates the web page from the prompt. It does research.  
00:25:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: It does pretty much everything. uh assessment and so forth. Now this morning I was training it on writing LinkedIn posts as well. So the vision this thing becomes just our engine for driving everything because it gets client level confirmation uh information it gets the context it gets it does their research it designs an angle it gets that live and so forth.Adeel Khan: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: So yeah,Adeel Khan: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: I can add you to the repo. But that's basically what it is. So what this does is compresses the time from literally this prompt to us going live to I want to say 30 minutes not more. So then the skill becomes angle select etc. And then the bigger thing is creating creatives whichAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think is a bottleneck for us right now. So but 5 days is enough time man. I think we should be able to do it.Adeel Khan: Yeah, I mean day one could just be strategy creative coffee shop, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh 999. Yeah.  
00:27:25
 Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So I think that's something that we should talk about. Our whole thing works when the landing page is conversion optimized, isn't it?Adeel Khan: Yeah, I mean we could do it subjectively likeHassaan Ahmad: No, exactly.Adeel Khan: we'll be like on your sales.Hassaan Ahmad: We can makeAdeel Khan: It could be like your website's not optimized, so I'm going to throw you a landingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: page.Hassaan Ahmad: And the other thing behind the landing page is the attribution, bro. We need that attribution because Nick He fights us on the attribution piece.Adeel Khan: Uh,Hassaan Ahmad: We need to out.Adeel Khan: wait is where the CRMHassaan Ahmad: Um, uh, that's a great question. We'll ask him onAdeel Khan: basicallyHassaan Ahmad: Thursday.Adeel Khan: didn't feelHassaan Ahmad: Sorry, bro. Claude kills my Google Chrome. Why can't I hear you?Adeel Khan: I'm on mute.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh.Adeel Khan: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: So it has done so far coaching offer screenshots mastermind page. Now it's creating a brand profile.  
00:30:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Then it will ask it will give us a questionnaire. It's beautiful to look at it work. It takes a while but when it does it it does it soAdeel Khan: Surprising.Hassaan Ahmad: well. So, while we're waiting for it,Adeel Khan: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: should we kill the US campaign?Adeel Khan: Yeah. Go to the room. StartHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: usually.Hassaan Ahmad: Good.Adeel Khan: No.Hassaan Ahmad: So, what's the verdict? What are we doing?Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Because this got really good organic traction.Adeel Khan: I'm going to be the giver here.Hassaan Ahmad: What should we do about it? like let it run.Adeel Khan: Let me see. Rotate evenly.Hassaan Ahmad: Check it out.Adeel Khan: understood that scope less than 10%. And let's see how these go.Hassaan Ahmad: Si and what about campaign sir don'tAdeel Khan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: knowAdeel Khan: bro. Eight conversions.Hassaan Ahmad: main question basic guy because these are pretty crap.Adeel Khan: Yeah, it's also the market if that makes  
00:34:57
 Hassaan Ahmad: These two. Yeah.Adeel Khan: sense.Hassaan Ahmad: Like do though clicks to landing page 0.23 engagement.Adeel Khan: Let's go. I I'll relaunch this actually.Hassaan Ahmad: What we could also do is uh well make a call then I will do what you think we should do.Adeel Khan: UTM we know which campaign's bringing the leads.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes,Adeel Khan: AllHassaan Ahmad: we don't I don't know if you're tracking the campaign like form to set here but one thing that we tracking is this as well just say we have rocksoft we're tracking this so we know which page the lead is comingAdeel Khan: right.Hassaan Ahmad: from.Adeel Khan: Okay. Good.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I'm pretty sure we can track more if we wanted toAdeel Khan: I'm just going to go upHassaan Ahmad: speakAdeel Khan: there.Hassaan Ahmad: source. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. You can confirm.Adeel Khan: Let me get out of here. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay, bro. So, I will Okay, I'll show you. Um, but that's basically the tool and the engine that does it all. So, the expectation is live in 5 days.Adeel Khan: Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: Um you already know about my login fusible and then let's just go look use that sheet going forward. Is there anything that you wanted toAdeel Khan: Uh,Hassaan Ahmad: discussAdeel Khan: no, not right now. Little Krishna.Hassaan Ahmad: next month and then Yeah, man. I don't want to deal with that s***.Adeel Khan: Renewal is the least concerned.Hassaan Ahmad: AllAdeel Khan: We had clients like they don't give a s***Hassaan Ahmad: right.Adeel Khan: sometimes. Like take it, bro. What the f***?  
Transcription ended after 00:39:24

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
