---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Conall Noonan x Hassaan (Remotir) - 2026 revenue strategy – 2026/03/26 10:29 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-26T11:14:30.714Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-26T11:11:13.217Z
---


Conall Noonan x Hassaan (Remotir) - 2026 revenue strategy - Transcript
00:00:00
 Conall Noonan: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, Connell. Good morning.Conall Noonan: Hi. Good morning. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm very well. How are you?Conall Noonan: Yeah, not too bad. Are you You're London based,Hassaan Ahmad: I'm in London.Conall Noonan: are you?Hassaan Ahmad: Whereabouts are you?Conall Noonan: Uh yeah, London. East London.Hassaan Ahmad: Where whereabouts inConall Noonan: Uh Hackne Devar,Hassaan Ahmad: East?Conall Noonan: sort of between, uh Islington.Hassaan Ahmad: Nice. Nice. I'm in Willlet.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Conall Noonan: Oh, nice.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah. Well,Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: almost exactly down south from you.Conall Noonan: What? Yes. Yes. Yes. I haven't I haven't spent much time in that part of London. I used to be southwest.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: I used to be Clapam, but I haven't. You're southeast, I guess,Hassaan Ahmad: Yes. So,Conall Noonan: right?Hassaan Ahmad: wallet is well, it's up and coming people say, but Greenwich is really nice.  
00:02:10
 Conall Noonan: Are you near and Greenwich?Hassaan Ahmad: It's what were you saying?Conall Noonan: Is that where are you between Dulich andHassaan Ahmad: Sorry. No,Conall Noonan: Greenwich?Hassaan Ahmad: so I'm east of Greenwich. So, you know, you've got Greenwich Park and then I'm slightly east ofConall Noonan: Yes. Okay. Nice. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that.Conall Noonan: I actually um I lived in Depford for like three months. I know where you are now.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: um which was cheap rent but not a greatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: area.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Sometimes I drive through it. I'm like, "Well, I'm glad I don't live here.Conall Noonan: Yeah, it's it it always astounds me how London can just be so starkly different, you know, two blocks over,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Conall Noonan: you know? It'sHassaan Ahmad: it's it's insane. Like you're driving through.Conall Noonan: justHassaan Ahmad: So for me to go to let's say Sak or something, I have to go through defood Greenwich is amazing.  
00:03:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: You see million-dollar pen houses, million-dollar houses.Conall Noonan: beautiful streets.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. So nice. And then you just drive further, you know, further into west, further into the city and it's like what happened here,Conall Noonan: I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: man.Conall Noonan: But do like do you I mean we'll we'll get into the the core of the call, but more um I almost think like it is a good design not to have this like ghettoization of cities. So like you see like Manhattan which is probably like an extreme case where you're effectively just pushing people off the island, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: There's no way that they can actually exist there over time.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: Um but then rather you sort of have these kind of enclaves of more like social say middle to to obviously workingass areas within a city and you keep things more cohesive as communities. I don't know. It's hard cuz you know rich people complain about the crime and poor people complain about the like cost of energy and I don't know.  
00:04:16
 Conall Noonan: I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Conall Noonan: I think you're better off having people living amongst each other because then you don't forget what youHassaan Ahmad: absolutely. Yeah.Conall Noonan: knowHassaan Ahmad: And I also think that that creates a natural Yeah.Conall Noonan: bridge. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It creates a natural bridge and it creates an ecosystem where you know um so for example Hackne where you live when I moved to London 11 12 years ago people were like do not go to HackneConall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you'll get it's like okay but now I go to Hackne you know every single time I want something good to eat you know IConall Noonan: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: want a fun night you know it's just so nice and I imagine it's going to be the same for deford and all of theseConall Noonan: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: other areas you know once something gets forgotten um people turn towards itConall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that brings in more investment that bringsConall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: in.Conall Noonan: the creative people, right?  
00:05:03
 Conall Noonan: The, you know, people want to open a cafe at a reasonable cost and,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: you know, just sell good food and then suddenly you get footfall and then, you know, more businesses start coming in. It's it is I I think it is like it is smart um socialHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: living even if Yeah. it's sometimes quite stark.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. It's like night and day. Right. That's what makes London special, you know. It'sConall Noonan: Yes. Yeah. Exactly. Like you kind of we complain and sort of say,Hassaan Ahmad: uhConall Noonan: "Oh, that's a that's an eyesore, but you know, it's it is what makes London London by having Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: mate. Absolutely.Conall Noonan: difference. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What what made you book the callConall Noonan: Um, right. So, I'm uh I'm leading the sales uh strategy at at Narrative.Hassaan Ahmad: today?Conall Noonan: We're a we're a preede Irishbased uh university spinout. Uh we just finished up in Tech Stars back in December and um we are in the middle of our preede raise.  
00:06:06
 Conall Noonan: Um so we're looking to raise about 1.2 million uh predominantly from um Irish investors. Uh we will then use that capital um at least some of it to um go to market um and build build the business with um banks and uh digital lenders and other fintech platforms. I say other because you know there's potential for us to look at you know a Shopify or or or sort of a merchant a merchantbased platform.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh-huh.Conall Noonan: Uh but so um yeah for the purp of the call I think the focus is really just for for um you know getting in front of banks and uh getting in front of digital lenders. Um and at the moment it's just me doing most of that. So my background is um I was in asset management for 10 years. Um and uh felt that there was lots of cool tech out there. So I wasn't going to get exposure to it in a in a very stuffy um US asset manager.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Conall Noonan: and uh yeah took the kind of leap in the jump to just get out there and kind of um learn what what tech what what what technology is out there.  
00:07:34
 Conall Noonan: Um so here I am working for narrative and they are a um how to best describe it. It's um it's a it's a a guidance layer for banks and digital lenders. And what it is doing is replacing the gap that has been caused by the reduction in relationship managers in a bank. So um you know through the 90s early 2000s if you were a business owner you could go into your bank and you would hopefully meet the same relationship manager that you've been dealing with and they'll understand your business. They'll know who you are and they'll say we'll we'll give you a loan and we'll we'll work together in growing your business. that has pretty much died. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: and you now have the rise of the challenger banks and the the digital native banks um that are more increasingly dominating the small business um ecosystem and they have every right to. They're offering really cool simple tools and services that, you know, a small business owner would just, you know, happily use um versus,  
00:08:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: you know, like an incumbent like an Atwester. Um so that's the that's the banks. That's sort of the the um the sales hook for a bank. And then for for digital lenders it's um it's more focused on building them a pipeline of uh nearly ready or um nearly lending ready. So at the moment they have um a process where it's sort of like yes yes here's a loan no like you're not suitable but you know they've wasted money originating those nos. So why not sort of build up your maybe pipeline? And we think having a having a guidance tool or an engagement tool um embedded within their platform might be a way for them to to kind of retain those those nos to potentially yeses. Um so that's the biz.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: Hope thatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No, definitely.Conall Noonan: helps.Hassaan Ahmad: I when I was looking through the website, it's just it makes so much sense in instinctively that hey, we have eliminated the layer of relationship managers and created a vacuum.  
00:10:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: What's filling it currently?Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: nothing. That's your degree play which is brilliant.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I thinkConall Noonan: Yeah. And look, you've um like there's there's lots of stats out there,Hassaan Ahmad: uhConall Noonan: but one I think is quite stark and um I've seen a number of the major consultants focus on it. like everyone's focused on this sort of productivity gain and um like productivity gains for small businesses is the margin of difference is higher than for say a large corporate um likeHassaan Ahmad: of OfConall Noonan: embeds AI but you know there was um there's a stat saying 70% of small businesses areHassaan Ahmad: course.Conall Noonan: using some form of AI chatbot tool to to run their business probably sort of to um to help with maybe procurement but maybe they're uploading an Excel file and you know try trying to trying to understand their financial information a lot more. But um like sort of under under the hood of what our guidance layer does is it's pulling in your open banking data and then it's using generative AI to help you understand your financial situation.  
00:11:10
 Conall Noonan: Um and I think down the road once the product develops will take in start to take in um CRM data maybe social media type platformHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Conall Noonan: information. So it becomes sort of like a you know a contextual aware platform of what your business is and hopefully we'll then be able to give you a bit more moreHassaan Ahmad: It sounds really exciting.Conall Noonan: insights.Hassaan Ahmad: Tell me tell me where you are right now. So you you said you're preede. Are you pre- revenue as well?Conall Noonan: Oh yeah yeah yeah. Oh, as in we have revenue but we're not sorry we Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Conall Noonan: No, we're not pre-revenue. We have revenue. We're pre-p profofit.Hassaan Ahmad: You have pre-profit. Okay.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um how many customers do you have? What what's the current of the land?Conall Noonan: Uh we got we have two. We've got well it's really interesting. So we've got one tier one European bank um and uh so they're they're a paying paying customer and um we've just  
00:12:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Conall Noonan: um we've just won a referral partnership with Visa.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Conall Noonan: super interesting because then we'll um we'll be able to speak to their banking customers um with their backing.Hassaan Ahmad: That is amazing.Conall Noonan: So that's like a good amplifier um yeah kind of like a yeah just a good way to kind ofHassaan Ahmad: No.Conall Noonan: get multiply um with hopefully less effort than it would takeHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Conall Noonan: me to kind of bounce around to all those banks. Um and then obviously having the back end of Visa um isHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And banking is very I want to say nobody Yeah. Nobody wants to be the first one. But once you have one logo and the backing of Visa I saw you got in theConall Noonan: No.Hassaan Ahmad: Mastercard sand box as well. The dominance by default.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's just a matter of being visible enough and at the right place at the right time for, you know, the banks to start wanting you in a room and, you know, start being curious about what is it that you do and how you can help  
00:13:15
 Conall Noonan: Yeah, that's exactly it. Yeah, that's um yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: them.Conall Noonan: that's that's kind of why we think that's uh that's a good a good play early on. Um obviously hired in terms of resources like we're we're nine people and umHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: I think once the raise finishes, there'll be a big focus on on hiring and um um hopefully we'll be able to um really leverage leverage what we have already. Um and um we are we'reHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: close to partnership deal with um funding circle. So again large well the largest um digital lender in the UK.Hassaan Ahmad: Good stuff.Conall Noonan: Um, so I guess why that's interesting is because they're all kind of uh like top tier customers, partnerships that that you want and unusual probably at Preed to be to be having that that level of success, but I think it's great and look, we'll we'll leverage it as best we can, but I still want to focus on that that middle part of the market. So the just the the smaller digital lenders and you know the more um tertiary banks or just the the local banks like uh a bank of Birmingham or you know um maybe even credit unions.  
00:14:41
 Conall Noonan: So um I I need to kind of figure out a way to build a go to market strategy that that covers covers all bases.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. So if I'm understanding correctly then um you're thinking of this in terms of tiers. So tier ones you're going to go so you're going to leverage your partnerships, your networks and so forth.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Tier twos is where you're looking for somebody like us to come in and help you kind of handle the scale.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Tier three is probably going to be your QuickBooks and your Stripes and your Shopifies and so forth. you're more technologyConall Noonan: I think I think so.Hassaan Ahmad: forward.Conall Noonan: I just don't think the revenue I don't I don't see where the where the revenue alignment is is there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: It's yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Conall Noonan: it's a more of a kind of nice to announce it, have it on the website as like an integration,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: but yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: I mean it makes life easy  
00:15:32
 Conall Noonan: it has to be done,Hassaan Ahmad: butConall Noonan: but it's um it's probably not the the the core focus.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. What talk to me about the metrics? What kind of revenue targets do you have for? Do you do do you just want to want me to focus on tier two or do you want because whatever we do can potentially help with tier ones as well. So, it's up to you. But if you were to give me numbers, revenue targets, what are you targeting?Conall Noonan: H I mean we we we haven't really sat down yet to um to to to focus on the revenue dark but I mean like if If I could just take I mean let's say halfway through 2027 I think a target of 800,000 revenue would be would be a stretch a stretch target.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. And what's that based?Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, two questions. What's the 800k coming from? That's a very specific number. Usually, people are like half a mill or a mill.  
00:16:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, 800 is more specific. And I want to double click on that. Number two, what your what's your average contract value per client?Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean, you've only got one or two. What are you settingConall Noonan: All right. So, the the 800k number is based on the revenue that we're already generating andHassaan Ahmad: up?Conall Noonan: what I think we can what what I think we can build over the next um 9 to 12 months. So, 500 probably on top of that.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you're currently generating 800Conall Noonan: No, no, no. So, we're we're currently um just under 200 twoHassaan Ahmad: 200. Okay.Conall Noonan: 300.Hassaan Ahmad: And when you say revenue you're already generating, is that based on the pipeline that you have? So you're looking at your pipe and you're saying okay all rightConall Noonan: Yeah. So, with the tier one bank. So, that'sHassaan Ahmad: good stuff.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And um is that how many logos is that?  
00:17:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: Five six.Conall Noonan: No, it's just one.Hassaan Ahmad: So 200k for one that's your European bank.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. You're saying that if you land two more,Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: three more, that puts you at 800ish.Conall Noonan: Yeah. I mean, capacity. I I I just don't know if it's worthwhile taking on another large bank. I think it would be more beneficial to take onHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Conall Noonan: smaller more smaller players and they're potentially more stickyHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Conall Noonan: than say a large bank that may change it policy.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And I think that's Yeah,Conall Noonan: And you know tryHassaan Ahmad: I think that's that's very smart.Conall Noonan: doHassaan Ahmad: So, I did sales. So, I don't know if you've um if you know this, I was at S&P for six and a half years. Then I did Moody's for another three and a half so close to like 10 years selling into financial services banks particular umConall Noonan: movies.  
00:18:30
 Conall Noonan: When did you work in Moody's?Hassaan Ahmad: 2018 to 2022.Conall Noonan: Do you know Jesse Power?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Conall Noonan: Yeah. Yeah, I grew up with those guys.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, no way. Really amazing.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: He's at uh Duko, I think, right? Yeah.Conall Noonan: D and Ricky is uh some actuarial shopHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Conall Noonan: Irishbased working here.Hassaan Ahmad: Hi.Conall Noonan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's amazing, man.Conall Noonan: that'sHassaan Ahmad: Um, they were so Moody's was very verticalized, right? So, they were in insurance, I think, and Jesse was an insurance uh like he was he was a big wig in insurance at that time. Ricky, I don't remember coming across Ricky, but Jesse, I definitely do remember.Conall Noonan: Ricky was in the US for probably 2018 22 stint.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh gotcha. Yeah.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So Jesse definitely I was more on the So I was in the banking team in the banking services team. Uh joined to sell their data solution,  
00:19:26
 Conall Noonan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: the Moody's data solution to banks, then pivoted to selling basically everything to the central eastern Europe and the CIS region. Opened that up for Moody's. Um, but where I was going with this was I've sold into UK banks and bigger well I've sold into banks all across Europe and bigger banks are hard to get into. You're looking at like 18 month sales cycles and so forth which is I think it's very smartConall Noonan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: to go for the smaller ones.Conall Noonan: it it's why we kind of have two ICPS, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: It's it's fine to say we're targeting banks and I think banks is the natural customer. Um but it for our raise it's just too easyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: for for a investor of VC to kind of say like well how do you combat the long procurement cycle of a bank and there is no easy answer to that you don'tHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: combat it. you just sort of fight your way through and hope for the best and you know that's  
00:20:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. you you work through eight different champions,Conall Noonan: that'sHassaan Ahmad: you know, because there's turnover, people move up or down and so forth.Conall Noonan: yeah so so digital lending is our short-term uh ICPHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: and like that's been that's been good. I've been to quite a few conferences so you know built up the contact. I I didn't know anyone in digital lending. I mean, I think it's a very nent industry. It's it's smaller than you think, but um yeah, it's uh I I think easy enough to navigate with some effort. If I had a bit more resources, more more people on the ground, I think um you can see some winds inHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Conall Noonan: there.Hassaan Ahmad: definitely. I'm just running some numbers off the side. Um, you're at 200K right now. you want to get to 800.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If we're going to target digital lenders or smaller ones, ACV is going to drop for sure. Yeah, we're looking at probably 3050 ACV.  
00:21:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: I don't know if that resonates with you. Yeah, 30 to 50K ACV per client or a little bit.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If that's the case, we've got to get 20 customers in 12 months. Um,Conall Noonan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: which means we've got to start now, basically. Yeah. Um so every month we don't do that. Obviously that the the number stays the same but getting them gets harder.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um where do you feel the biggest gap is right now? You're already going to conferences, you're already um getting accepted into incubators and sandboxes and so forth. Where where where do you see the friction that you think we can remove straight away and get some meetings forConall Noonan: Yeah, that's a good question.Hassaan Ahmad: you?Conall Noonan: Um, I think just sort of in terms of what's popped into my mind, um, I think having a having a website that's more of an asset and and and can can help build that top of sales funnel. At the moment, you've been on the website, it just doesn't do that.  
00:22:52
 Conall Noonan: there's no sort of navigational um tools if I'm depending what sort of financial institution I am depending on what sort of um buyer I am, if I'm a product person, if I'm a partnership person. I don't think the website does a good job there. Um and I want that to be a sort of passive asset for for for getting meetings, but that might be out of your realm. Um and and then email campaigns. Um so I've I've used I've been using Apollo quite frequently, but uh I'm a new user of Apollo. So um I think there's things I'm doing wrong. Like I know I need to have a couple of different domains for doing email campaigns. And it's really just, you know, I I just need to find the time to to figure all that out and obviously do your ATB testing on messaging um and have an iterative process. So yeah, it's yeah, email campaigns just just trying to trying to trying to get get people on a call because generally when when we get on calls with people like LA last night we did a call with uh Coast Capital, their Canadian-based uh credit syndicated credit union and uh spoke to the  
00:24:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: Oh.Conall Noonan: buyer product guy. um like just super impressed, you know, he's like they're going through the middle of a merger right now and we managed to get him on on for for an hour and he was just like questions questions questions. So you just know like there's there's a there's a real desire there within product teams to kind of figure out the engagement side of digital banking. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: so it's just finding more more players like that. And at the same time about sort of it's it's key to find your kind of your your potential early adopters. But then it's I think it's also as important not to waste time on you know like I think I think someone like a Nat West would be an absolute waste of time for us because they are investing in technology and it's likely they have internal teams who are telling management that oh we can do this we can do machine learning like we're going to build this all internally and you know it's it's a pet project for them.  
00:25:22
 Conall Noonan: they'll, you know, it'll probably flop.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Conall Noonan: But like I think that's what you have in in Lloyds in that west at the moment is, you know, people are feel feeling pretty confident about what they can do with um with AI.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Conall Noonan: SoHassaan Ahmad: How are you for time? I know we've we've got five minutes. Do you are you flexible?Conall Noonan: yeah, that's fine. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um you're like, you're right. Um so my last gig was at Anna Plan where I spent about three years. When I went in, somebody told me that they were just close to signing a paid pilot with Barklays that hadn't closed three years later when I left.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So that's that's what it is.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So absolutely, I think it's it's good to sidestep that for now. Um just navigating it is hard enough as it is. And for a company your size and your stage, it's it's better to go after the smaller ones.  
00:26:18
 Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And in my experience, the larger banks are almost always followers. They never lead.Conall Noonan: Yeah, that'sHassaan Ahmad: Think about all of the things that have happened. So your open banking,Conall Noonan: true.Hassaan Ahmad: your digital banking, etc., etc. It was Monzo, Vice, Starling, leading the charge. It was never Bartlays, HSBC, and so forth. I mean, they're still stuck in 1995 Royal, you know, it seems like. So yeah, I think your instinct is absolutely right.Conall Noonan: H.Hassaan Ahmad: And um the way you're going about it is is quite rational as well. You two points there which which you said you feel are the biggest gaps. The first one is positioning.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Second one is just volume. Correct.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um one feeds the other. Obviously if your positioning is right the volume the quality of the volume gets better. The third thing that you said was, you know, you were in a meeting with product guys.Conall Noonan: Yeah.  
00:27:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, well, being a sales guy, that worries me slightly because product guys are really good at asking questions. And that's been my experience, making you feel good about the product, but they just move slow. They lack the authority to make a decision because they're cost center. Has that been your case or or your experience? Or in your case, are the product guys driving it?Conall Noonan: Yeah, it's a it's it's a good observation and and normally I would agree with you, but I think because this is a novel whole technology that most people will struggle to initially understand which might be sort of our problem on on positioning and sort of how complicated do you go because there's there's a lot to it once you start getting into the agentic side of it and the knowledge graph and and then how it builds and learns over time. Um, so having a product person who is on board and understands is helpful for when you when you when you get in front of the the next economic buyer. Um, but I think each I think each each business is going to be different.  
00:28:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Conall Noonan: I itHassaan Ahmad: I love the fact that you've said economic buyer.Conall Noonan: depends.Hassaan Ahmad: So now I know that I can I can talk to you as a peer, you know, who gets it. So you've got champions,Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you need business champion and then you've got both of them going up to the economic buy with a business case.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's you've got to solve.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and that's what we engineer at what weConall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: do. So what I do at Revit and you know I'm conscious that we've got less time.Conall Noonan: That's all right. You can Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: So maybe so so what I do atConall Noonan: I'm fine to go over two minutes if if that works.Hassaan Ahmad: Remoteier is based on my 15 plus years of selling into enterprises. Yeah. And I've condensed everything that I'veConall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: learned in my experience and you know observations and so forth into what I call the four lens framework which is four things need to be true simultaneously in order  
00:29:40
 Conall Noonan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: for you to get money. Yeah.Conall Noonan: Um Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Those four things are your ICP, your messaging,Conall Noonan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: your channel, and execution.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And they need to be in this order because you miss one, the others just fall out of alignment. That's what remedy is built around,Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? We do the entire thing. So we do we look at the entire funnel comprehensively. Yeah.Conall Noonan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So you mentioned positioning. That's the second lens that's messaging, right? But before that, we've got to figure out and be really clear on who the ICP is. So,Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: which is why I asked you the question on product versus business. Once that's clear,Conall Noonan: Hm.Hassaan Ahmad: we look at the positioning and figure out how to best deliver the message that opens the doors, keeps them interested, gets them to move forward with you. Third is where we're delivering that message.  
00:30:44
 Conall Noonan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: email as a channel you've already activated. Conferences is great. When we get into an engagement,Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we see if that's working and that's delivering the kind of volume you need and if not, we figure out what's the best way to get there. And the fourth is just execution.Conall Noonan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, how we're executing to make you stand out because the people that you're trying to sell to, there's like a million fintexs out there, right? Everybody's trying to sell to the same people. So, how do we make you stand out?Conall Noonan: Oh, it's noisy.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: Very noisy.Hassaan Ahmad: How do we how do we generate so that the velocity is there?Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You don't have 18 months for a sales cycle. You've probably got four or five. So,Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: how accelerate that? Um, that's the core of what we do.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: There's obviously, you know, tools and mechanisms under the hood of each of those that we do, but it's hard for me to tell you what I would do before actually looking under the hood and, you know, really understanding how you're going to market today and so forth.  
00:31:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: So that's something that we could do uh moving forward.Conall Noonan: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um we could work on that together.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I I tend to work as a partner with most of my my clients. Yeah. I lead the engagements myself because well I'm the seller, right? Um so I I go into this with my seller hat and ask just one question. How would I sell this if I if literally my commission depended on it? because it does, right? Um,Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and that kind of aligns me with you. Um,Conall Noonan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and that's what I would request from you as well that if we work on this together, let's work as partners, right?Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Anyone can run a campaign, anyone can do, I don't know, set up an email sequence for you. But it's that partnership that really makes this work. So, if we do that, that's what that's how we would work.Conall Noonan: Okay.  
00:32:38
 Conall Noonan: Yeah, that's sensible.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Conall Noonan: Yeah, that sounds sounds sensible. Um Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, two questions.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry. Did you have something you were going toConall Noonan: Uh I was just going to say so I think another two weeks and we'll probably have figured out ourHassaan Ahmad: ask?Conall Noonan: um the close for the raise.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Conall Noonan: Um, so they'll kind of not know a bit more about like resources, budgeting, and everythingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that would be helpful. And then,Conall Noonan: else.Hassaan Ahmad: so that was going to be one of my questions. Um, what kind of budget were you looking at? Try to tell you if it's worth having another chat or not.Conall Noonan: Um, I don't know, but I So, let me put it this way. We if we get close to 1.2 two million. I suspect about 45% of that will be sent spent on salesHassaan Ahmad: Okay, that's fair.Conall Noonan: marketing,Hassaan Ahmad: 45%. Okay, cool.  
00:33:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: And you mentioned Yeah,Conall Noonan: which wasn't my decision, but notHassaan Ahmad: that was going to be the other question. We'll come to that. 45% is that how's what's the split between or what is the split you guys are envisioning betweenConall Noonan: complaining.Hassaan Ahmad: tools, resources?Conall Noonan: I don't I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Conall Noonan: Yeah, I'm not sure yet.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's something I could potentially help with as well because man, I work with startups all the time and I see them making so manyConall Noonan: Oh god,Hassaan Ahmad: mistakes.Conall Noonan: there's so many like bloody tools and subscriptions flying around here. I don't know whereHassaan Ahmad: This one guy who bought tools worth five grand every month had zeroConall Noonan: toHassaan Ahmad: revenue. I was like, man,Conall Noonan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: why?Conall Noonan: I I'm like I'm I'm broadly I I think these new SDR tools are are they're good. They're not they're not great. And I think how they get to being great is that if the person using it is a  
00:34:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: good seller and kind of has that instinct. I I think if you're just someone who's like I don't know having a go at doing sales and doesn't doesn't quite understand a process, I just I don't I don't think I don't think they'll really be thatHassaan Ahmad: So much bad advice out there,Conall Noonan: helpful.Hassaan Ahmad: right? and and you feel like clay is the best thing to use and you feel like you know you integrate clay withConall Noonan: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: instantly and that unlocks apparently aConall Noonan: Yeah, it's it's the same with any of these AI tools,Hassaan Ahmad: superConall Noonan: right? You have to have the knowledge base and the the experience to to actually use it properly. And they, you know, they sort of the way they the way they sell it is very much like uh use this and you'll have 20Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: meetings every week. And it's like fat chance, man. Like what?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's like you got to have an awareness of where you are as a business in your sales cycle, how mature you are, etc., etc.  
00:35:21
 Conall Noonan: Yeah, exactly. Yeah, it's also like for me I'm I'm also trying to manage the the speed at which we can scaleHassaan Ahmad: Um,Conall Noonan: because like realistically like we've taken on some fairly heavy hitters that are going to demand quite like these are going to demand quite a lot once that gets moving and like with with the tier one bank and funding circle like it's in that is all that's probably at at capacity already. So we need to kind of understand the the the next type of and size of um of accounts that we're trying to take take on because at the moment it's you know we're I would say we're at capacity from like a developer engineering until obviously we start to make those hires but yeah thatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: can another three or four monthsHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. That's that's a very sharp observation as well because these guys,Conall Noonan: dependingHassaan Ahmad: they're good logos, good to have on your website, but man, they just drain you.Conall Noonan: yeah Not necessarily in a like a good way like as in I think they're great for the raise but you know are they a good paying like are they is it a profitable account like  
00:36:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. And there's a concentration risk as well,Conall Noonan: IHassaan Ahmad: right? If tomorrow they decide not to pay your invoice, the whole business falls apart. So, you've really got to spread yourConall Noonan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: bets.Conall Noonan: exactly. So that's why I think European digital lenders is just a a good a good ICP to startHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Conall Noonan: with and take on a few.Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely.Conall Noonan: Um, cool.Hassaan Ahmad: You competitor.Conall Noonan: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you have a competitor in theConall Noonan: Uh,Hassaan Ahmad: US?Conall Noonan: yeah. Um, I don't know if they're still in business though. Um, there's a person. Um, but I I guess they're kind of Israeli US. Guess call them one the same. Um and uh it there isHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Conall Noonan: one I think it's like uh oh forget the name of it Mix but I again I don't know where where they're at in terms of their their their funding stage.  
00:37:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: Let's do this then, Connell.Conall Noonan: UmHassaan Ahmad: Um, let's have a conversation in two weeks. Yeah. Then you and I, we sit together, we map out how we would go to market if you were to do this. Yeah. And use that to come up with a business case,Conall Noonan: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: a skeleton business case for you to take. I think it's Michael and Julia. If you want to bring them in, we could just run that entire strategy session together. It's entirely up to you.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we do that and by the end of the second call,Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you should have pretty good blueprint on, you know, what we're going to do, how we're going to do it, what that's going to cost, and then if that works for you, we work together. Otherwise, well, that's for you to use.Conall Noonan: No, that sounds um that sounds sensible.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Good. How's your calendar for?Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What am I looking at?  
00:38:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, week of 7th. When do you expect to close theConall Noonan: Uh end of end of next week,Hassaan Ahmad: raceConall Noonan: I hope. Uh yeah. Uh week of week of the 4th. Oh, well that's Yeah. Well, yeah. So, let's just do uh 7th. Thursday 7th.Hassaan Ahmad: 7th? Does 300 p.m. work for you?Conall Noonan: Um yeah, 3 p.m.'s fine.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Is that going to be just youConall Noonan: I'll try to get Michael on the call if possible.Hassaan Ahmad: orConall Noonan: He should have more um more capacity once uh once the race isHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Conall Noonan: done.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that would be wonderful.Conall Noonan: It would just be Michael. Yeah. It wouldn't beHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's fine. I mean, we need So,Conall Noonan: Ulia.Hassaan Ahmad: it would be good to align on where the where they see the biggest opportunity and the biggest challenge. Um, how they're thinking.Conall Noonan: Yeah.  
00:39:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: Obviously, they've been in investor meetings and you know what they promised to the investors.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: they need to prove the investors and they need to show some activity to the investors as well. SoConall Noonan: Yeah, at this stage it's um like we're still at the the stage where it's um it's founderHassaan Ahmad: thatConall Noonan: selling environment. Like it's it's fine to to to have me and um another selling the product, but a lot of the time they they do want to hear from the founder, right? It's it's it's going to be founderled. So, um I I would like to get him on the call just to give you more context as to key setting points and just direction of travel andHassaan Ahmad: absolutely for me the so the setting point is good.Conall Noonan: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um I instinctively get the product. So part of what I do is come up with the selling points in a way that you know people get it.Conall Noonan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Me more interesting thing and why I would love for him to be on the call is to understand what he's committed to the investors. You know that's number one. Number two, it's always good to have the founder. I don't know what kind of a founder he is, but there's some founders who are like very hands-on and um it's good to align with them in the beginning rather than, you know, you take something to them, they shoot it down, then we go back to the drawing board. You're in sales meetings, you're doing too much, I'm doing too much. It's not the best use of anyone's time.Conall Noonan: Yeah. No, that's fair enough. That's fair.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Conall Noonan: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Send you the right now.  
Transcription ended after 00:40:59

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
