---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Maria Rangin – 2025/09/29 13:55 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:53.791Z
meeting_date: 2025-09-29T13:15:16.772Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Maria Rangin - Transcript
00:00:00
 Maria: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Hi, Mario. How are you?Maria: I'm very good, thank you. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well. I was just about to send you an email. So, yeah.Maria: Okay. Yes. Um, so you wanted to uh know what we were going through or what we're working uh how we're working at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: Correct. Yes. So Maria, typically the way I like to run these meetings or run these uh discovery calls is, you know, we start off with the outcomes that you're targeting, right? So why why did you want to have a call? You know, what is it that you're trying to achieve within the next kind of three, six, 12 months, right? And then we can work our way backwards from it to see, you know, where we could help. Does that make sense?Maria: Yeah, sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Wonderful.Maria: So, at the moment we are uh just looking at different alternatives. So, for the last five years, we've had an outbound team and uh the performance has worked really well.  
00:04:54
 Maria: Uh I think a lot of the both the targets and what we've been selling has been a really really good match as well. Unfortunately, now we're seeing that we have less product match at the moment. So, we're building out the product and adding a lot of things in, but that development work will take six to nine months. So, the product fits have been a little bit of a struggle. Um, and as well as the connection rates on calling has been falling. Emails never really worked for us. We have a very very senior leader target audience for only very big enterprise uh businesses. We have very long sales funnels as well. Um and inbound has been notoriously quite bad to scale up to that audience as well. So we do have some inbound coming in. Uh we still have some of the outbound coming in as well. But uh because of the team has become smaller. It's just a business decision to be able to kind of rightsize the commercial function versus the product and hiring more engineers. So we've been moving more resources into engineering and uh cutting down on the commercial.  
00:05:54
 Maria: Um so now as well it's quite hard to keep I think the team in house as motivated as they have been before because they've been through quite a lot big journey. The call connection rates just been going down. I think that's quite the general thing for at least for that audience. Um people are just not picking up the phone anymore. Emails are quite hard. So we're going to move from in-house for more of an ABM model just including a lot more intent data from different sources and doing a lot more research.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Maria: So I'm restructuring both the marketing team and the outbound team to kind of work more like that. Um but that's where we're also looking at getting an agency in that can kind of plug the whole especially in the meantime. Uh so where we can kind of get those call numbers and keep the call volume up. Uh and also getting kind of SQS through a secondary source where we can spend more of the high resources, high value target audience uh and put them into more of an ABM ABS flow.  
00:06:50
 Maria: Uh so that's um what we're looking at at the moment. Um what we're seeing is or what I would kind of beat basically is uh we're getting five SQLs per month per representative uh for around £1,000 per SQL and that is because it is a very high value target audience only senior leaders mainly seuite and only large enterprise businesses within um a few sectors and it's US UK audiences only also do have uh Canada as part of the uh the audience But it's just less people there really. Uh and I'm just kind of looking at for January onwards to see it's it's not 100% could be January, could be March next year. Um to see and what kind of agency as well. So I'm talking to quite a few different ones. Seem to be a lot of different uh kind of yeah ways people work, how long it would take to integrate, how much information they need and uh what activities they like to do. And of course it's the cost consideration as well. That's an overview.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Well, that's very very helpful.  
00:07:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: If I can summarize, so you had an SDR team was working quite well. Now they're not. You've downsized there. The sales team is the same. Or have you Gotcha.Maria: No, that's also down the entire commercial function has downsized.Hassaan Ahmad: So, how many webs are we talking about?Maria: So now we have two uh in-house SDRs. uh one sales manager, a new sales manager, one expansion sales manager and uh then I have one content marketeer and one data scientist and digital marketeer and then me and then our CEO is now managing the sales team directly or the the sales uh director and uh expansion director. They are both now reporting directly into the CEO instead, but I'm obviously working very closely with them.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, and how does the flow work? So, the lead comes in, the SDRs qualify, then they pass on to the sales manager or the expansion manager. Is that how the flow is?Maria: That is how the flow has been working so far. Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.  
00:09:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: And you would maintain that going forward?Maria: Yes. I think the ABM will will just blur all the lines. Uh but that's only for the top 40 or or 50 targets. Uh for the rest, anything that we would outsource, for example, would work the same way. We would like to hand it over when the meeting is booked basically.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. And in terms of your sales process then, so um is the first touch point with the sales manager typically another discovery call or a deeper discovery and then you go into a demo or how does that work?Maria: Uh yeah, I mean at the moment it's worked quite well to show the the software on the first call but we try to do a really really high level. Um, so talking about, you know, there trying to talk a little bit about pain points already on the phone when we booked the meeting so we know how to prep for the meeting and of course kind of asking a few questions ahead of the meeting as well. Uh, but otherwise it is the the pain gain and a short demo that we're trying to squeeze in on the 20 minute call uh 30 minutes sometimes.  
00:09:59
 Maria: They're doing really really well. But our our problem is further down the line. So when we're going to try to get the the stakeholder buy in in these huge organizations, that's usually when we start to see drop off.Hassaan Ahmad: Perfect.Maria: Uh but yeah, no, it's it's a demo basically and uh pain discovering one call.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep. Gotcha. Okay. So, if I calculate it correctly, so you've got four frontline salespeople, right? Five SQLs per month per rep. You mentioned and that's at a,000. So, you're looking at about £20,000 per month spent to get that volume in. Correct.Maria: Uh so the two salespeople do not do any outreach at all themselves.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right.Maria: They only take over uh well the expansion does but let's let's yeah not involve expansion because those numbers are completely different. Um we have so it's only two people that actually reach out directly uh and get SQLs in and the salesman should then takes them over.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maria: episode would be right now uh we're looking at well we actually we have three people at the moment but she one of them leaves in a week so um the new numbers will be 10 SQLs expected per month for around £1,000 per SQL so that's £10,000 we will keep uh so that's thing we don't have that budget to play with because we do need an in-house resource to do the ABM instead so it's probably half of  
00:11:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Maria: that maybe we're looking at at absolute max depending on what we can get per SQLHassaan Ahmad: Is that all in in terms of your ad spend plus any retainers or how does how do you typically work with the how does it typically work right now?Maria: Now that is also different. So we're done looking at the inbound and the cost for the inbound is separate to this. So we don't count that into that.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Um just so I'm absolutely clear about what we're talking about. Um, are you looking for an agency to bring you more leads in in terms of more call volume or is it to generate more inbound?Maria: Yep. No, it's uh outbound reach. So call volume looking at call calling. We I want to remove the call calling aspect from in-house.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. All right. Um, well, it's good that we clarified here because I I don't want to waste your time if that's not what you're looking for. As you have picked up, Maria, the response rate for cold calling has just dropped off a cliff, right?  
00:12:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: Especially after this new update that Apple's rolled out like a week ago. It's just become impossible to get through to stakeholders, right? It's not to say that can't be done. it's just very very the ROI has just simply dropped off. So as an agency what we've done is we have moved away from cold calling, right?Maria: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: We're not seeing the ROI on that, right? Um typically I would have a seller, you know, or a cold caller making a 100 calls a day, you know, to the execs of which maybe two would be connects. And then, you know, if if you're if that's kind of the connect metrics that you're looking for, then you're looking at a very difficult um metrics and it just doesn't work, right? It does it just doesn't scale. So, what we've started doing and what we've started doing for all of our customers is move to a bit more inbound model, right? T exactly the way you know you saw our ad and you know, you were able to move that call in. That's what we are doing.  
00:13:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: In terms of the cost per lead, we are so you cost me 130 to come in dollars not pounds which is pretty decent.Maria: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I think for the other software vendors that we're running this, you know, we're looking at costs between 100 to 350 depending on the ticket size, right? So the three, you know, the sweet spot right now, um, we're looking at about 2 250 for something that costs about 12,000 to 20,000 a year, right? The ROI over there is making a lot more sense, right? And the inbound engine there is working quite well for us. So that's what we're as an agency we're pivoting more towards. Right? If that is aligned with what you're after because you know if the leads is all you're after, we could do that. But I would leave that to your judgment.Maria: Okay. Okay. No, that's really really good to know. Uh we are working on so the inbound bottles that we have is actually working really well and it's I mean approximately those price points are a little bit less than we're getting them for.  
00:14:26
 Maria: The problem is just because you need bigger audiences when you do inbound than you do when you do the targeted. We know that doing the targeted call calling, we're calling the right people, so the conversion rates are a lot higher. Uh on the inbound you I mean we do need a minimum of 50,000 into that audience at all to even make it work.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Maria: And unfortunately our re our really really targeted audience isn't that big. So as soon as we do that we start to get the conversion metrics going down. Um but we are doing it. It yeah it's it's a fine model really. Uh it's the outbound that we're looking for. We're just a little bit scared I think as well to let go of the call calling elements completely. Uh I think that's what I'm going to want to work towards next year anyway.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maria: So in 12 months I'm hoping that we're in this position where we only do inbound intent and ABM uh and doing referral programs as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maria: Um and and not doing the call crawling anymore and not doing the email sequencing and all those things.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maria: it just that doesn't work. It's a lot of work, a lot of admin uh and it doesn't work. But it's really good to know if you wanted to send over a few just um approx if you have any packages if you do have any commercial models because right now I don't think it's right time but because everything is moving so much and we don't really know where we're going to be in six months time. Uh it would be great to know and just have that in my back pocket to kind of think about and how that could potentially slot in a little bit further um forward.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, sounds good. Um, yeah, look, it was great to connect, right? And you're experience experiencing challenges that everybody else in the industry is facing as well. It's very fluid.  
Transcription ended after 00:16:20

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
