---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Burak/Remotir - GTM conversation – 2025/06/13 17:58 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:39:29.509Z
meeting_date: 2025-06-13T17:50:35.047Z
---


Burak/Remotir - GTM conversation - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: It's working.Incisio AI: Hi Hassan, how are you?Hassaan Ahmad: Hey Brock,Incisio AI: How's it going?Hassaan Ahmad: it's going very well. How are you?Incisio AI: Not bad. So it seems like what you guys build is is exactly what I'm looking for. Uh which is I'm so excited to meet with you with with you all as a solo founder and um doing everything uh by myself. It's been it's it's quite challenging as you can expect. So would you like to start with an intros maybe?Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Absolutely.Incisio AI: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And look, really, really exciting to hear you say that, right? because that is exactly what we set out to do, right? Um, so I'm Asan. I've been in sales for about 15 and a half years. I actually started my career off as an entrepreneur, right? Started a pharmaceutical manufacturing company which went ballistic. It was amazing. So I was um in Pakistan at that time was it went really well but then you know as with all hyper growth businesses it got too fast and too big too soon and obviously it failed and I pivoted into sales did financial services sales across services solutions analytics and a bunch of different solutions all across Europe right now I do software sales predominantly but I have dabbled into B2C I started started a baby toys store.  
00:02:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: I started a leather goods store. So, I' I've doneIncisio AI: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: a lot of things. I I love selling and that's what I do. And uh well, I'll tell you why we started Remote here, but tell me about yourself. All right.Incisio AI: Sure. Uh little bit about me. So my background is in engineering. Um I spent a little over 20 years uh to building stuff and uh this was up until 2017 and then I start working on more customerf facing roles like leading support incidents um implementations uh and kind of kind of use those engineering skills and uplifting support and it worked really well. um you know I used all the the knowledge that I had from engineering and and it has been almost I guess seven years that I was doing this like leading support and implementations and so on and then I saw a lot of uh gaps inefficiencies issues in support then and I'm still working as a full-time for a company that and I'm leading support team my my my organization is like over 20 people and and and I decided to build uh in Cisco uh to solve all these challenges that I saw over the years, right?  
00:03:58
 Incisio AI: And so in Cisco kind of aiming to to provide everything that you can find in the in the traditional support tools like it has ticket incident management, ticket management, alerts. Uh but on top of that I build the agentic AI layer. Uh I mean it's a buzz word. I know I hate people when I say this. I I I know people going to say that but it's this is this is really different. I built a layer where it reads your email and there is a there is a AI server behind it and reads your email look up previous previous tickets use your knowledge base and then answers your customer and escalate if needed. So, and testing this with with Kitics, the company that I'm currently working for and currently we are almost solving 30 40%ish of tickets and which is amazing that given that we had like four rounds of layoffs and I had to let go like 10 team members and we are still efficient. we are still um able to get back to customers and hit our SLAs and and that that's the goal for Insio and I keep building stuff and I can I can walk you through on the on the application quickly if you are interested you want to see it or  
00:05:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: ThatIncisio AI: youHassaan Ahmad: would be good. Uh that would be good. Um but when I typically take a product walkthrough, I invite my partner as well. So he's the staff 7Incisio AI: okay Let's do that. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: staff engineer at Meta. Um I invite him because he's got that design eye and you know together we figure out how to best optimize the product and the conversion and the messaging for maximumIncisio AI: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: impact. SoIncisio AI: I'm I'mHassaan Ahmad: whatIncisio AI: open to any ideas. I'm open to we can we can make any changes. I mean I know usually people don't like to build and they they want to go with the minimum feature and they wanted to iterate but because I'm still not sure which function that will be will make our us thrive like will make us the platform that the people wanted to buy if that makes sense. So I keep building for example I'm working on a feature now like I have um email Slack open AAI TWW integration where we can we are receiving tickets we are doing the triage and resolution and then we are creating incidents on Slack and then automatically looping in all the responders like eliminating all this manual workforce support teams and incident managers and also on top of that I'm also building something I call war room agents where can  
00:06:56
 Incisio AI: start a meeting that invite all the responders and talk and say okay this is what is going on and this is how we handled previously okay let's solve it and then use all the analytics like connects the data doc and then analyze the incident and provide all the the information and postmod information to the teams. So this is what I'm working on. I don't know which feature that will be will customer mostly interested but thatHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Incisio AI: is something that you guys will help me.Hassaan Ahmad: That'sIncisio AI: SoHassaan Ahmad: That's incredible.Incisio AI: yeah andHassaan Ahmad: It soundsIncisio AI: here and then tell me what do you think first do so we have a lot of competitors right we have some new companies like resol resolve AI I will share those list that they they kind of trying to do similar but just the incident piece we have some uh platforms that have fullfled Slack app like me like you can do all the things that I set through Slack as well and like instant io that they do do similar thing and we have um Ops Geni, we have Zandesk for ticket management but kind of this platform has everything.  
00:08:09
 Incisio AI: It much much less cost like 19 bucks we can even change the price we can even make $2Hassaan Ahmad: What?Incisio AI: here too. You you guys tell me and then uh also has this agentic AI feature. So lot of lot of the things that we can do but I will stop here. SoHassaan Ahmad: Look, it sounds incredible, right? And um I'm in the weeds of of this most of the time. So, I've solved big contact center issues at the enterprise level, right? And some of the things that you've said make perfect sense, right? At all levels. I'm going to talk about big enterprise, right? I imagine they're they're even more pronounced for the smaller ones. The key issues that the contact center teams are respons well are most interested in solving are how do we maintain our SLAs with the minimum possible resource and how do we handle that m constantly updating body of knowledge both on the product and customer issues and the product updates and how do we keep ourselves enabled right because for a human agent training on all training them on all of it means Time away from the phones means time away from the desk and people are expensive.  
00:09:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's number one. TheIncisio AI: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: other big issue which I believe your product also could solve, I don't know if it is today, is the scheduling piece, right? So what happens when let's say for a company like I don't know cardex the name suggests that they do probably cards, payment cards and stuff like that, right? For a company like that, it's Christmas time. Volume's going to go through the roof, which means fraud is going to go through the roof. Or, you know, some people who are very new to the product, they might issue, they might experience issues. How does your workforce handle that today? Right? A human workforce is really hard to scale because you don't have the right skills, you don't have the right seniority, you don't have the right permissions. Whereas a genetic AI um if it does what you're saying it does right and no doubt it does right can solve those issues pretty quickly. So the message is correct. Your pricing is I was surprised to look at the pricing.  
00:10:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: It feels very low but about 240. I believe it's per agent. Is that how you're pricing?Incisio AI: uh no per user per userHassaan Ahmad: Okay. ButIncisio AI: 19Hassaan Ahmad: what'sIncisio AI: 19.99 per user I set that price um I I can explain So I did some little bit competitor analysis. So incident management tools kind of charge about 20 25 per userHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Incisio AI: regular user and then they charge separately for um uh on call feature like um feature that actually calls you and and tells you that there is an incident. So they charge extra. So overall companies has to pay like 40 50 bucks per their engineer to use the tool. So I bundle everything up and set like 20 bucks for everything. And for AI agentic AI piece that's also included but you have to plug in your your own open AI key or Gemini key.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: It's up to you whatever you you use and and and I don't want to charge anything for extra even for the SSO.  
00:11:27
 Incisio AI: We IHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Incisio AI: built too but it will be free. So uh $19.99 per user andHassaan Ahmad: And and who are the users? Are they contact center managers or is that data engineer?Incisio AI: anyone in the company could be so if this customer in will be interested to use our just ticketing and we'll be support team members right and if they interested with incident then also engineering support team they all uh That should be uhHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay, sounds good. So wide range of people can use it, right?Incisio AI: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: and authentic so we can findIncisio AI: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we can either well when I start talking this start rambling with ideas I'm going to take a pause here but Barack tell me this you've launched this product or you built this product but you're testing it with cardtics what are your goals what where do you anticipate somebody like us coming in and helpingIncisio AI: Okay. So go go goal is to regardless what we build.  
00:12:33
 Incisio AI: So don't stuck with what we build. My my expectation from you is two things actually. Uh the most important one is to to find one customer or design partner thatHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: hopefully someone pays and helpHassaan Ahmad: All right.Incisio AI: us to to build the right feature set or validate this feature set outside of cardics because uh it's possible that I build some feature just work for cardics al I of course use my like 10 different company I work with I combine all the knowledge but still it's possible that some features may not fit for everyone, right? The goal is to get that first customer or design partner, start working with them, build the right feature set or validate that the feature set with them and then start doing bigger campaign, right? And the the and I want the feature feature uh sorry product le growth. So I want people to be able to sign up which you can do that right now. You can go ahead and register organization andHassaan Ahmad: All right.  
00:13:40
 Incisio AI: start using tool like you can start plugging your Slack um keys etc. You can do all of that. That's what I want. Uh I mean because we are we are AI agent companyHassaan Ahmad: UhIncisio AI: right should be able to do do things without human uh intervention. So that that's my that was the first thing I expect from me and then if we achieve this like we get our first customer then we can focus on building pipeline right we can go we can we can go any customer and offer set of features even we can build so don't don't stuck with what you are going to see uh our goal is we we are in a business to to eliminate all the manual work for um B2Bs that's that's the goal and weHassaan Ahmad: LoveIncisio AI: canHassaan Ahmad: it.Incisio AI: we can do anything we want like opportunities are endless rightHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Incisio AI: and and and if you're asking like an exit strategy I mean I wanted to I wanted to fully focus on once we have this first customer just FYI uh but until then I need some income as you can imagine to pay everything right  
00:14:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's good.Incisio AI: although my burn rate burn rate almost zero like 100 bucks per month only myself and it will be you your cost will be the burn rate let's say two grand and then uh hopefully in this three months we can get that first customer and then we can we can start building stuff and then we can get some investment and then if you ask me to exit I mean we can do anything I'm of course I like to continue to building I mean but if we can find the right opportunity we can sell it I'm even open to give you guys a share too I I mean I I have 100% I have a lot to share. SoHassaan Ahmad: I appreciate that. AndIncisio AI: I'm notHassaan Ahmad: uhIncisio AI: saying you guys will be working free. That's that's never the case. I mean I'mHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Incisio AI: saying you will you will get what you you you need but that's still open for me. I can do uh everything.  
00:15:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: I appreciate you saying that, Brock. And look, you are exactly the kind of person that we started this company for, right? Got a deck. I'm not going to take you through it. I can send you to it, right? But whenIncisio AI: What?Hassaan Ahmad: I was doing my research, I found that 90% of startups fail, right? Why do they fail? Exactly. Because they have one technical founder who's really good technologically, right? But you're stretched. You know, you're trying to do hold down two jobs, right?Incisio AI: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: And you keep on building, but when it comes to scaling, it's just really challenging because that's a completely different skill set, right? And so what a lot of founders tend to do is they would go and look at offshore BDR or something like that. The guy comes into the business, charges a grand a month, delivers nothing at the end of two months, and then you know, you're back to square one. I've gotten burnt with that in my other businesses, which is why I started it, right?  
00:16:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: And so, um, we're completely aligned there, right? your goal is very realistic finding the first customer or finding a design partner that is good right before I pitch you my services I want to validate this with you right I want to make sure that you have done everything that or you've done the right things before we come in and we start doing this right so my question to you is this what have you done in trying to find that partner and what were the results and by partner I mean the design partner or that first customer. What What approaches have you adopted so far?Incisio AI: That's a great question. So I did the product hunt uh first of all and got like 50 followersHassaan Ahmad: Uhhuh.Incisio AI: so and then got really good um actually I like to share my screen uh with you. I think this will be insightful for you. So I I got I got some good feedback uh and I even share those feedbacks here.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Incisio AI: Um and I did some LinkedIn advertising  
00:17:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: on on three post um three post spend about 700 or so andHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: but nobody nobody reached out.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: So um and I I Yeah, this is like impressions you can see but nobody nobody reached out even if I I after I spend this money and uh have a LinkedIn campaign page uh have very small little followers like one visitors. It's it's been two weeks anyway so it's notHassaan Ahmad: ThatIncisio AI: notHassaan Ahmad: thatIncisio AI: thatHassaan Ahmad: was me, by the way. I've been spamming this page. All right. Um Okay. Well,Incisio AI: message.Hassaan Ahmad: somebody else.Incisio AI: I sent I sent some email. I did some emailingHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: sent likeHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: u I I purchase list um from Apollo ioHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Incisio AI: and send some emails uh this emails. Let me show you that too. Um in Cisco I don't know how much time we have but I can I can share  
00:19:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: I'mIncisio AI: thisHassaan Ahmad: flexible,Incisio AI: withHassaan Ahmad: by the way.Incisio AI: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm I'm flexible, so I can I can stay.Incisio AI: Okay. So, I I did I sent this emailHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Incisio AI: to those like four or 5,000 peopleHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: and and I didn't get any reply. This was like two days ago.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: Um yeah, that that's that's all I have done so far. But I know until I find the right audience, call them, reach out to them, personalize everything, it's not it's not going to work. I know. So that's why I I don't want to do anything anymore. I wanted to stop here and then uh just do um what makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: Sounds good. Could you actually pull up your screen again and show me theIncisio AI: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: LinkedIn ads that you were running because that's that's really interesting for me.Incisio AI: So it was here. Whatever. So um advertise.  
00:20:13
 Incisio AI: So there are a couple of campaigns. Let me open one by one. So this one, nine website visits, spending almost $200.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: And this was this post.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: andHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Incisio AI: thisHassaan Ahmad: So, you boosted your posts and stuff. Is that correct?Incisio AI: corusHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Fine. Um, why do you think nothing has worked?Incisio AI: I mean I I think the biggest issue is I I have to reachHassaan Ahmad: Sorry.Incisio AI: out to them. So I I I be I created this videos like that demonstrates uh ticket intake like you can see here ticket coming ticket coming platform reading your emails and then uh now you will see ticket is loaded and agents will uh process ticket and then start investigating like triage agent investigated and then resolution agents do the whatever needed. So I decided to close this ticket. it close the ticket automatically and then uh send the reply back to the customer. So  
00:21:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: That helps.Incisio AI: this is this is the value that we we provide. I mean uh there are a lot of things we can do. We can do PC's we can uh put agents in observation mode uh read the support tickets right and and agents can process tickets and then show the value. So this is what you should get when you turn on or we may need the tuning so we will do tuning. So it's a quite a bit of process but what I wanted to do is focus on is like without feeding any info like platform at least solve minimum 30% of your tickets right so let's say you have 10 people support team that handles let's say 10,000 tickets so without do even doing anything like three people can be redundant immediately rightHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Incisio AI: or two people can be focused on something else rather than to solving tickets. That's that's that's what I I'm envisioning. But uh I mean it's better to listen customers, right? Let's let's let's uh put together what we should be telling how should we marketing and then going people which company that we are going maybe we should we can focus on certain markets like financial industry right or fintex I don't know maybe fraud and identity I spent like almost seven years with fraud and identity like companies that does KYC's document verification uh we can focus on those two I It's it's I'm living to you.  
00:23:04
 Incisio AI: You are you consider you are the CRO and you you responsible what you do. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Look, okay, thanks for again, thanks for the vote of confidence and look, I think you've done all the right things, right?Incisio AI: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Those are some of the tools that we would use. I mean, Apollo is what I use to generate lists. So, you've used all the right tools, right? The first thing I'm going to say is on your emails, don't lose hope because on the first email, nobody gets a response, right? You're going to need two, three, four, five, maybe seven touches to to get a response, right? So, stay the course even if you don't work together. Continue doing the follow-ups. I think Apollo is good. There's a tool called Autobound, which you could use. I think it's about $90 a piece. Uh which does a fair bit of um customization and you can use that for email outreach.Incisio AI: Mhm. What didHassaan Ahmad: That is  
00:24:03
 Incisio AI: What is the tool? Sorry. AsanHassaan Ahmad: auto bound.Incisio AI: auto.Hassaan Ahmad: So a u t o b o b o u n d. Um IIncisio AI: Oh.Hassaan Ahmad: use it. It does a good degree of customization and personalization, right? But the challenge with email is nobody reads unsolicited emails anymore. That's the big challenge. The other big problem is um phone calls are increasingly getting screened. Google has already been doing it. Apple is going to release iOS 26 in whatever two months and then cold calling is going to become more and more difficult. Right.Incisio AI: Yeah. CallHassaan Ahmad: So what I would Yeah. So, what I would advise against is putting a cold caller on this as well, especially since the the pitch is, hey, we've got an agent. Do you want to run a something with me? Right? That's if that is the pitch, I think we're going to struggle to get people to say yes.  
00:25:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: The way I would approach this then is continue the emails, right? That's number one because you need to warm up people to a certain extent. They need to get used to seeing in CEO appear 15 times on their emails and then they might check. Right? That's number one. Number two is I would highly recommend continuing some activity on LinkedIn, right? Some paid activity, but not what you're doing. Right? Why? because the people that you're targeting that audience is going to be on LinkedIn or well they're going to be active on one or two other platforms right so the two platforms where you advertise are either Meta or LinkedIn I'd never say advertise on Google in the first instance because Google burns money really quickly yeahIncisio AI: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: so advertiseIncisio AI: you're right.Hassaan Ahmad: on on LinkedIn that's where the ICP is right but even before that the question is who exactly is the ICP So, we've got to run some engagement campaigns. We've got to see who's coming, right?  
00:26:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, on your ads, on your LinkedIn ads, once you have a decent volume of people coming in and you have a few thousand impressions, you start seeing what the professional demographics of those people are, right? And so, that's a long-winded way of me telling you what is it that I do and what is it that my company does, right? And how we approach this and then we can see if that makes sense for for you. Yeah. WouldIncisio AI: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: that be helpful?Incisio AI: Yeah, ofHassaan Ahmad: Okay,Incisio AI: course.Hassaan Ahmad: let me share let me let me share my screen with you. Look, um there's a bunch of different slides, but basically this is everything that weIncisio AI: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: do. Yeah. So, we start off with the revenue strategy, right? Which is the first question is who where are we playing? So, it's exactly the question that you asked, right?Incisio AI: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Are we selling to enterprise, mid-enterprise, startups? like who actually cares about this problem right and based on that insight we then come up with what that playbook for lead generation looks like if it's B2C it's a completely different motion than it would be for enterprise B2B right the persona  
00:27:18
 Incisio AI: No.Hassaan Ahmad: is different the sales cycles are different the amount of time it takes to get in front of them is different um but then the value that you're generating at the end of it can be very different as well you knowIncisio AI: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: once we have that information, right? We then focus on the first touch point that your customer has when they come up with or when they learn about your product and that usually is the landing page. Now, your landing page is good, right? It's actually pretty well done. Um, I don't know if you did it yourself or had somebody do it, butIncisio AI: No,Hassaan Ahmad: it's very well.Incisio AI: done by me. And the And did you see the AOA ROI calculator?Hassaan Ahmad: I did. Yeah.Incisio AI: Yeah, it sends you an email. And yeah, that that that was pretty cool. I I everything that I did. And can you guess how much time I spent this?Hassaan Ahmad: Um, tell me if it's either too much or too less.  
00:28:17
 Incisio AI: Yeah, it's a you haven't seen the the actual product yet, but the overall product I spent just four monthsHassaan Ahmad: Oh, wow. Okay.Incisio AI: and it has I I I mentioned all the integrations AI agent rock MCP flow. It's it's pretty challenging to put put all the all this together and if you go to documentationHassaan Ahmad: IIncisio AI: you're goingHassaan Ahmad: loveIncisio AI: toHassaan Ahmad: that piece like this is this for me is the favorite part of my of this website.Incisio AI: Okay, good.Hassaan Ahmad: you you've approached this from an enterprise angleIncisio AI: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: which is why I think where I would want to focus on is the enterprise or the mid-enterprise level right I think the solution could have a lot of appeal for startups as well one or two people companies who are who are building up a SAS and who are trying to appear bigger than they are or more mature than they are right butIncisio AI: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think the real money is probably going to come from the mid- enterprise or the enterprise space so that's what I would recommend we start off with.  
00:29:14
 Incisio AI: Sounds great.Hassaan Ahmad: Um then comes the GTM execution or the go to market execution piece, right? Two aspects. One is lead generation, the other one is end to end sales process. Yeah.Incisio AI: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Which is once you have identified the lead, you carry them through the sales process all the way to the close. Yeah. I typically advise against starting or putting a seller in before we have the leads. Yeah. Reason being the seller is expensive. you'll pay 1,00 1200500 for a good one, right? And they would spend one month learning your product. Then theyIncisio AI: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: start hitting the phones. Right now, the pickup ratio is 1%. It's very bad. And with the new technology that's going to come out through Apple and so forth, the pickup ratio might suffer a little bit more. So, youIncisio AI: okay.Hassaan Ahmad: need to sufficiently want the people that the seller is calling, right? So for lead generation, we would recommend that we we would run some ads, right?  
00:30:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: And for the first couple of months, I'm happy to invest in that, right? So the two 2,2500 that I've asked you for, right? If you give me that, I'll put 1,200 of that back into ads, right?Incisio AI: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: ToIncisio AI: okay.Hassaan Ahmad: test my messaging to test um if everything is working or not. So your initial outlay is going to be 2500 plus I guess another 100 to give me some tech. So, I'll need a email um login. I'll need some I'll need some enablement from you in order to set it up properly. Once that's set up,Incisio AI: Absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm happy to invest the first couple of months to get to test that messaging to get those leads to make sure that you know the idea and the messaging works right. That allows me to calibrate really quickly, right? Work with my team. We can turn out new message designs. We can new we can turn out new websites and so forth really quickly. And once we do that, then we know that our message works.  
00:31:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: We've got the right ICP and we've got some deal flow or some lead flow coming in. And then we can put a seller on it, right? Who then does the qualification who then does the closing and so forth. And actually, this could be a really good use case for your agentic AI. We put a aentic seller on it, right? Who can do the initial qualification like put a chatbot or something. And I think that could work. That could streamline this really well. Yeah.Incisio AI: Sounds great.Hassaan Ahmad: So by the end of month two what we anticipate is we should have spent about 2,000ish 2500ish on ads rightIncisio AI: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: that should have given us a very good signal of two things. The first is who is our customer like what kind of engagement we're getting who we're getting that engagement from and which messages resonating. Yeah that's number one. Number two is what is our cost to get to those numbers?Incisio AI: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: In the first month, well, the first three or so months, you might be spending a bit more than what you're making.  
00:32:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, you might be spending, let's say, $50 to get a $20 customer, right? But that's the algorithm learning. As you carry on with that, that drops significantly and you come to a point where you're spending 0.6 to make $1, right? Or 0.5 to make $1. And that's the sweet spot we want to hit. Once we doIncisio AI: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: that, then we know that if we put in 4,000, we're going to make 8,000, right? And that's something that we could we could do it. So, typically the process looks something like this. Yeah, these are the phases where you have already gotten started. So, we interview any existing customers or friendies in this case, the product time people, right? takeIncisio AI: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: their feedback and understand why they're excited or what is it that they see value in use that insight to build the messaging around what the ICP is what the differentiators are what the pricing needs to be what key outcomes they're expecting and so  
00:33:09
 Incisio AI: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: forth we use that to put that in the landing page right and the question that we're trying to answer is or what we're trying to get to is did you see our website the remote year websiteIncisio AI: Yeah, a little bit. I IHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Incisio AI: checked it a couple of times, but I didn't look atHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, myIncisio AI: theHassaan Ahmad: philosophy is a five-year-old should be able to come to your website, spend five five seconds on it, and then be able to recall what is it that you do, right? Dump it down really quickly, right? Bring it to the human level. And so, the question that you're trying to answer with your ICP is not how great your product is, but why somebody should spend time looking at it. Yeah, make sense. OnceIncisio AI: Yeah, maybeHassaan Ahmad: we have that, then we use that for a B2B motion, right? So, find lookalike customers, calibrate the sales process, cross- selling to existing customers if any, right?  
00:34:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: If not, use some of those network that we have and then kind of go in there and then once we have some revenue coming in, right, we invest that all of it pretty much into B2B campaigns. You do thatIncisio AI: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: for three months, man, that's done, right? So if you give us a runway for three three months with us right over which two months we're going to invest you should have pretty good understanding of how good your business is how good the idea is who the customers are and is that something that you should spend another six months on or move onIncisio AI: HeyHassaan Ahmad: to something right typically the answer is the former and we would do everything in our power to avoid the letter but if it is the letter then we'll get you that answer quicker so that you don't spend a lot of time on it. Yeah.Incisio AI: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: How does thatIncisio AI: Sounds all sounds amazing, right? So, I I I really excited to do this.  
00:35:02
 Incisio AI: But there's a there's a small issue thatHassaan Ahmad: Uhhuh.Incisio AI: I don't want to how to how to say I don't want to be to ver verbalize this too much. I mean I mean to put it simply I want to think myself a little bit behind like act like a like engineering department and you guys can be the front end like a face of the company. Is that is that make sense?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. But what does that look like for you?Incisio AI: U reason because of the my relationship with Kalytics is right.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, fine. So you want us to Oh, you want a CRO basically, right?Incisio AI: Yeah. And yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: I mean of course it's not going to it won't be 100% because I mean but I can act like a tech lead, right? rather than founder and I can I can do the demos on your cell calls. I can uh act like a solution engineer and get the requirements and then I I can do basically all the engineering and and and you know customer engineering work and then you guys can handle the rest.  
00:36:17
 Incisio AI: Is this something that you can do?Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely that is what we do. Yeah.Incisio AI: Okay, great.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Incisio AI: Awesome. We alignHassaan Ahmad: So theIncisio AI: that.Hassaan Ahmad: way the way it would work is um the seller or whatever the ads are right there would be a funnel right the first touch point with the customer is either going to be with a seller right or in the first few calls I get involved myself right just to make sure that we run everything tight the first conversation is going to be with us right I will sell them on the value and I and I would qualify them and the goal of that meeting is to get them into a second meeting which is a demo right the demo I can position as with our subject matter expert or the solutions consultant whoever that is that's going to be with you right you wouldIncisio AI: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: run the demo just the technical aspect of it I would handle the sales or the seller would handle the sales side item right once that bit is done right we would push you out of the process and we would run the sales process unless they have some technical questions yeah  
00:37:17
 Incisio AI: Great.Hassaan Ahmad: soIncisio AI: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: yeah I think that's that's the way it typically works and sounds aligned with what what you want to do.Incisio AI: exactly. this is exactly what I'm looking for and itHassaan Ahmad: Cool.Incisio AI: worth a shot for try three months and then see um I mean but you you agree on the value right and you agree on the the problem that we are solving and and there there is a value for the companies that automating all the task for I mean here at carolytics and even before um I was working for a company called neuro ID and so they were identity. I mean, we spend like 20 minutes to to just to create the incident and and add people to that incident. I mean, this is it's overkill and people spending lot of too much time on on this stuff. I mean I I will I'm I'm like 100% sure every company that we we talk they will be able to see value and even for the the support incident and then the on call thing I just want to give share this this this points with you so you can you can use in your pitch.  
00:38:31
 Incisio AI: I mean I I had a call with with the guy from so you know the company I work for work previously and I want to get his his thoughts. his name is Naven he's he's he's managing product operations even he said they are using three different tools for ticket management and um currently and after me and the the on call they use victor ops separate product and the managing incident they are using opsg so IHassaan Ahmad: Oh,Incisio AI: mean it's it's an overkill right and we we do we provide all of this I mean of course there are bugs that I have to still go through but it's it's hard for me to figure out everything. I I need someone to to actually start using it. So, but but there is there is a huge value. I mean, and I I think this is going to be amazing. I just my my challenge is I I mean biggest challenge was to to finding and and raising moneyHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: and investors looking for attraction. That's  
00:39:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: Huh?Incisio AI: not yet and and the budget because I mean it's quite challenging, right? And because and I don't have a money to hire sales team. I mean this this what you guys are doing actually is pretty amazing. I mean this kind you are unblocking uh startups from myHassaan Ahmad: Well,Incisio AI: point.Hassaan Ahmad: that's that's that's the entire goal, right? And and so I hope that the price that we're charging for that makes sense, right? You're seeing a lot of value that that we're putting and honestly, you're getting half of that back anyway.Incisio AI: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um and and to what you said, Barack, you're absolutely right. Like it's it's an efficiency play for sure, right? But more than that, and this is the finance person in me talking, it's a cost play, right?Incisio AI: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: People are expensive. It takesIncisio AI: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: three months to ramp up an agent. Well, two months to wrap an agent and then they're going to leave because well, you know, they are going to leave.  
00:40:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Everybody's looking for more money, right? So, so you have that problem and what you're doing is you're actually solving that problem. You're providing resilience to businesses, which is what's neededIncisio AI: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: and you're doing that at a low enough cost point. So,Incisio AI: exact.Hassaan Ahmad: I think the offer is promising.Incisio AI: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The the challenge is there's too many look alikes, right? There's too many people who are saying that we will solve the world through our agent AI solutions, right? I've got like 10 people on my Instagram showing nit agents that they've built using OpenAI that could you know solve that it's this that could solve the same use case or they're saying that they could solve the same use case. I think the the benefit here is that you've been in the feeds, so you come across as very credible, right? You just once once somebody's in the room with you, they can tell that okay, you've seen it, you understand the issues and so forth. So, we're going to be able to  
00:41:32
 Incisio AI: that that's that's what is going to differentiate us. I think they will be able to validate easily right with hook up their emails and they will be able to see rather than like there are companies I would like to show you that too uh quickly if you have five more minutes my friend sorry and finai this is this they they got like a lot of investmentHassaan Ahmad: Uhhuh.Incisio AI: this is they are actually do something similar but for general like B2CHassaan Ahmad: Uhhuh.Incisio AI: they they are also u working on building um B2B agent but yeah I mean in order for you to see this result you have to spend couple of weeks to do that to get the implemented that's not what we wanted to do and this is one of the the company I wanted to show you the second one is payonHassaan Ahmad: AllIncisio AI: andHassaan Ahmad: right.Incisio AI: this kind of payon support I think they have a different website okay they use payon so This these are kind of similar but they also more for Zenesk and they just introduced their B2B AI agent.  
00:42:44
 Incisio AI: It it's kind of similar. Um but I don't think it's it it will be easy for companies to to see see the results with this and they charge like 150 bucks something perHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Incisio AI: us per user. I mean it's it's a lot. So I mean I know price are not always good. Um like aHassaan Ahmad: It's not it's not a price thing, right? Um I think price is going to be a small factor in the decision. The bigger things are going to be does that work for our business, right? Can I trust this company andIncisio AI: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and and you know what your track record is like and so forth. So I think we're going to need to do a little bit of work on that. um because we're talking about critical things. We're talking about reputational risk if things go wrong or we're talking about employees just you know blowing up if their queries are not being solved and so forth. So we're solving critical issues which comes with some challenges and so forth.  
00:43:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: But you know we'll uh we'll work with that. But Barack it sounds like you and I are completely aligned in what what is it that we want to do right?Incisio AI: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, if you're happy with the £1,850, which is about £2,500 um dollars per month, let's shake hand on it. I can send across the agreement to you, right? Let's sign that. Give us three months and uh three months I think we're going to be going to be celebrating.Incisio AI: Okay. Let's do it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Amazing. Good. Um so, as the next step then just to set expectations what's going to happen. Um, I'm going to send you the agreements, right? As soon as the agree Well, I'll show it to you. What's going to happen? What am I sharing? Am I sharing something?Incisio AI: No, not yet.Hassaan Ahmad: What is happening? Oh, it's asking me what I want to share. I want to share my entire screen.  
00:44:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, typically this is the way we'd run this. Um, as soon as the agreement is signed, we would set up a kickoff call with you. Right?Incisio AI: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: In that kickoff call, we'd align on what the goals are, what would really understand the project, the product itself, what makes it work, what doesn't work, what your expectations are, and so forth. I think we're aligned there. So, it's mostly going to be for my partner to really understand your product and everything that you've done. I'll bring in my marketing guy as well so he can look at the marketing funnel that you've run,Incisio AI: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: see what worked, what didn't work, and so forth, right? We use that understanding to start building and defining what the ICP is, right? That stuff is going to take a lot of time, but we'll do that. Um, while we're doing it, we'll probably skip a couple of these steps. We'll skip the email domain setup because I don't believe in emails being the right thing to do.  
00:45:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: What I'll do instead isIncisio AI: is apologize. Email is ready. I you just have to give me name so I can add you guys to insio.io AIHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Incisio AI: domain that you guys you guys can start using. This is a Google workspace.Hassaan Ahmad: No. So, no. So, what this means is um you have to so the people that you're emailing, right, the prospects that you're emailing, you need to warm up their inboxes in order for your emails to not end up in spam. Yeah.Incisio AI: jump.Hassaan Ahmad: And there's a way of doing that which requires a little bit of investment. But I'm not going to do this now because I know your emails are going to end up in spam anyway, right?Incisio AI: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: And there's a better way of doing it. That better way is a tool called well we we'd run a LinkedIn drip campaign, right?Incisio AI: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Which we can manage. For that though, we would use your inbox. Okay?  
00:46:39
 Incisio AI: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we'd use your LinkedIn profile to start connecting with people at scale, right? We're talking 30, 40, 60 people a day who we'd be reaching out to. The reason why we would use your inbox is because it just sounds more credible coming from you, right? I can manage it.Incisio AI: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: IIncisio AI: youHassaan Ahmad: can handleIncisio AI: needHassaan Ahmad: the conversation.Incisio AI: Yeah, I know. You need to manage it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Incisio AI: I I I will be completely out of the picture until we sign.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Fine. Look,Incisio AI: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that's that's fine. I can do that. Right? So, so we do that and in the same time we would do all of the other steps that I mentioned is we look at what the copy needs to be, what the landing page needs to be, etc., etc.Incisio AI: No.Hassaan Ahmad: But the first thing that we would do once you're once you've signed is have that strategy call with you, which is going to be somewhere around the back end of next week if you sign  
00:47:30
 Incisio AI: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: early next week. Yeah,Incisio AI: soundsHassaan Ahmad: soundsIncisio AI: good.Hassaan Ahmad: good.Incisio AI: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Incisio AI: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: good stuff,Incisio AI: AndHassaan Ahmad: man.Incisio AI: the the promise here I will keep it short. Uh we will we will invest both three months of our time. I mean it's it's more and we also have to align on which day and time that we will uh I mean I'm very I'm very responsive I will get back to you in in secondsHassaan Ahmad: It'sIncisio AI: no but in terms of meeting we have to agree on the times right and we will invest three months of our time and then uh goal is to get at least one customer that's my expectation and then we can we can focus on building pipeline etc. Once we establish uh what is the value that what is the best thing feature that we can deliver isHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Incisio AI: thatHassaan Ahmad: three three months of time plus the 1850 pounds.Incisio AI: yeah we we agreed  
00:48:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Incisio AI: onHassaan Ahmad: good.Incisio AI: we agreeHassaan Ahmad: So, we'll invest that um on communication. You've raised a good point. I'll add you to my Slack. We will create a Slack channel for you and that's how we communicate. So, the product guys is going to be there. The design guy is going to be there. You'd have your uh your canban board. You will see what we're doing andIncisio AI: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: then we'll we'll collaborate that way.Incisio AI: Sure. And you're not going to use you're not going to mention my name or or anything. I will be be the guy leading engineering side of my bill CTO and you will introduce me whenever it's needed and you will will you share the list of companies that you will be uh reaching out.Hassaan Ahmad: I can share that with you. Um, yeah. Do you have a list of companies you want us to reach out there?Incisio AI: I mean, I can share the emailing list that I I I I  
00:49:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Incisio AI: got Polo. IHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Incisio AI: mean, but still, I'm not sure those are the the right candidates, prospects. I mean, you you I will leave it to you. But, um, obviously, you're not going to reach out Cary. I mean, I I don't think I have another company that I don't want you to reach out. I want you to reach out anyone. Uh, that makes sense. I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: Leave that with us. Yeah.Incisio AI: yeah. Yeah. I willHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Incisio AI: leave it to you Hassan. I mean it is it is your uh I mean how I say strength. So you canHassaan Ahmad: Well,Incisio AI: thankHassaan Ahmad: thisIncisio AI: youHassaan Ahmad: is really exciting, Barack. Thank you so much for the time. I willIncisio AI: the quickest quickest sale that you closer.Hassaan Ahmad: you would be surprised actually becauseIncisio AI: Oh really?Hassaan Ahmad: this this problem is so big, right? um just finding the right partner is half the game, right? And so there's so many good ideas and with tools like, you know, lovable and cursor and so forth, making software is easy now, easier now. It's just finding the right partners. So actually, we're we have to qualify people out because, you know, it's it's probably not the right fit or they're not we we don't think we can make the right impact there.  
Transcription ended after 00:51:16

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
