---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Maryam – 2026/03/17 13:59 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-17T15:14:40.934Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-17T14:54:43.026Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Maryam - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hi.Maryam Hussain: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Hello. How are you?Maryam Hussain: Hi there. I'm good. Thank you. Sorry about this morning.Hassaan Ahmad: NoMaryam Hussain: Sorry about that.Hassaan Ahmad: worries.Maryam Hussain: Uh I got pulled into something unexpectedly and the call didn't quite end and so my apologies forHassaan Ahmad: No worries at all.Maryam Hussain: that.Hassaan Ahmad: I work with quite a few founders, so I'm used to firefighting and uh rep prioritizing.Maryam Hussain: Okay, fair enough.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maryam Hussain: Fair enough. Fair enough. Um yeah so I guess um we'll just do a quick intro just from my side one just a quick one minute intro um CISO we're in a an enterpriseHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Maryam Hussain: sustainability solution from um energy management building management compliance reporting carbon reporting all package um we're the far fastest in the market the best priced and weHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Maryam Hussain: typically play six systems at a time um if I was to put in a table all of our clients um their industry, their business, our point of contact.  
00:01:38
 Maryam Hussain: Each row would be completely different. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Maryam Hussain: and that's one of the reasons why it's difficult to set up an ICP. We don't have baseline data to share with you of any marketing or campaigns we've previously done because weHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Maryam Hussain: haven't. Um, and so this is us starting from the very beginning. Um we have recently won an innovation award um which h allowsHassaan Ahmad: Okay,Maryam Hussain: us to claim a portion of that spend against market development which is sales but you're not allowed to call it sales you know what I mean umHassaan Ahmad: There.Maryam Hussain: and I have just been so busy with some other things I need to have all my proposals and final selection uh submitted by the end of March um and soHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Maryam Hussain: yeahve we've just been super busy. We've had our first international expansion into into the Netherlands, which meant we had to very quickly learn how to use a Dutch dictionary.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Maryam Hussain: Um, so I am this week just setting myself the goal of um meeting with different companies, finalizing um and then going with somebody.  
00:02:48
 Maryam Hussain: Um, essentially we're able to claim for all work beginning from the 1st of April. So we don't want to miss that timeline.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Maryam Hussain: um we want to get on it as soon as possible. We don't have to submit multiple quotes. That's not a requirement from the grant. Um but we do have to pick a provider uh and and and highlight the work that we're going to be doing starting on the 1st of April. The longer we delay it, it'll just add more time to us claiming that money back. Um and uh yeah, that's where we are.Hassaan Ahmad: Close.Maryam Hussain: Um in terms of company size, it's um three people um going to be four pretty soon. Uh turnover this year because I know company's house has like a year and a half lag. We will be hitting quarter of a million. We are profitable. The company is 100% owned by me. We have no investors and no debt and it's grown organically. Um, and yeah, the goal is um to grow to 350 to 400 this year.  
00:03:48
 Maryam Hussain: Uh, so by end of uh so by January 2027, that's where we want toHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Maryam Hussain: be.Hassaan Ahmad: That is an incredible and a very comprehensive summary. So, thank you for that. I have a bunch of questions. Um,Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: so I double click on a couple of things that you said.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You said customers pl in industries.Maryam Hussain: Mhm. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Can you tell me how many do you have in whichMaryam Hussain: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: industries?Maryam Hussain: we have 15. Um, but all of them are um, some clients pay between 5K, some K, some clients pay up to 50K a year. Um, all our clients are in three to five year deals. Um we have transport companies, meat companies, um auto dealerships, salt factories, chemical factories, potato processors, hotels, um clothing companies, everyone is different. Um and in some companies, um we now have brought on a steel manufacturer and an automation robotics company that'll be starting in Q3. Um so everyone is uniquely different.  
00:04:52
 Maryam Hussain: There's no two customers that are the same.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Maryam Hussain: We do however have two customers in the holen freight section. So logistics.Hassaan Ahmad: Wait. Okay. So, logistics is where you've got two. Okay. Right. Well,Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: typically the next question I ask at this point is if you were to describe your ideal customer to me, what would that like?Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: But it sounds like that would be difficult for you at thisMaryam Hussain: Yeah. I mean, as I said,Hassaan Ahmad: point.Maryam Hussain: if we were to put it on a table, you know, name, industry, size, point of contact, everyone is different.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Maryam Hussain: Everyone is everyone is doing it for a particular different reason. Um, for us, an ideal client is somebody who um is willing to spend on carbon and sustainability in the next 3 to 6 months because they either have a customer need for a customer demand or a regulatory demand. It's as simple as that.  
00:05:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Interesting. Very, very interesting. I'm going to pull up my screen a bit um where I'm doing some working just to get a better understanding of what is it that you need as a monthly run rate in order to getMaryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: to another 150 gain revenue. Okay. Um talk to me about the solutions that you are evaluating.Maryam Hussain: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: So you um you shared optic and sorro right? Two very different solutions doing very different things. What are you solveMaryam Hussain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: for?Maryam Hussain: Yeah, I mean we've we've spoken to others as well. We l looked at JMBB sales. We've looked at Hayward Miller. We've looked at quite a few of them. You know, there's there's kind of three verticals that I would put the solution offering on. Um there's one platform. Stick as many to the wall and something will stick, right? And we'll throw in some AI auto messaging tool. We'll have some APIs from Lucia, some intens blah blah blah, the usual things.  
00:06:37
 Maryam Hussain: And you have a platform and we just stick 300 3,000 to the wall and 10 might you might get 10 meetings. you're so pros and whatever. Then you have people who are new to the market but are Northern Irishbased. So it works well with the grant bodies if you work with another another startup scale up in the region and they like funding those businesses and it kind of looks good and you're more likely to get the next grant after this. Um yeah, Optic AI, you know, scale up heavy on the AI messaging. Are they really doing anything uniquely different? I'm not sure. Um you can't convince anybody to buy who doesn't want to buy. You just have to have enough signals out there to pick up the people and then you just have to have a good enough value proposition thatHassaan Ahmad: All right.Maryam Hussain: you convert everyone around the board even people who may be on the fence about spending. So I would say look at those as sort of your technology.  
00:07:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Maryam Hussain: So you have the classics like so and then you have you know the new you know emergence of AI powered whatever that means in the middle. Then you have the more old school suppliers like JMBB or Hayward Miller who will do a mix of teleyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maryam Hussain: conferences um some marketing. They'll give you some campaign numbers. So you have them in the middle. And then the third tier is um you know the outsource lower cost. So you can have people who just run a LinkedIn campaign for you for $200 a month and you see what sticks. Um all of that is fine. Um uh but but there is a brand element here and there is an element of learning as we go. We are not the kind of business that are looking because we're enterprise SAS our conversion cycles take six to 12 months right so we're not in the business of being able to entertain you know dozens and dozens of meetings a month we're in the business of really high value businesses who are serious and we can pick up their intent signals online it takes us 6 to 12 months to convert a client um because it is enterprise SAS and it goes through different levels of the organization um we have some big deals sitting there for 12 months and there's still in some level of the organization at an NDA sign  
00:08:36
 Maryam Hussain: off. So that also happens. My goal is that if there is let's say we're in month three now let's say there's eight months left in the year. If in months I can get eight clients and that's a very simplistic way of looking at it but you'll have to reverseHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Maryam Hussain: engineer that number. So eight clients is equal to I wish I could tell you that it's 10 or 20 minutes but 20 10 or 20 meetings to close but I don't have that data and bundle above that is how many interactions I don'tHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maryam Hussain: know I don't have that data for you. Um, but if I could end the year saying, "Okay, we got eight new clients from this activity." And that's not including all the things we already have open that's converting this month or in Q3, that to me would be a really good win because eight clients at our average deal price of 20K a year is 160K. Each deal is three to five, three to five years. So suddenly your your company is very very valuable and they're very easy for us to service.  
00:09:32
 Maryam Hussain: Um, and CISO only hires where some for for what is core IP. So, if we're we have a full-time contractor or a full-time employee, if they're not building IP or servicing a client, everything else is serviced and outsourced. Everything from marketing to HR to finance to sales. We don't need it. Um, this company is being built to sell and that's how it's being designed. So, there's only two things we really care about. a terrific product and excellent customer service. We're not in the business of having lots and lots of customers. We don't talk about our customers. We don't put them online. Um I think we have some brand work to do on image that we're we're working with a few other people on that. But that's really where we're where we're positioning ourselves. I hope that answers the question. But if you look at an average deal size of 20K, you look at eight eight clients, eight months, eight clients, 160K, 3 to 5 year deals, you suddenly have a very valuable company.  
00:10:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, but the math doesn't matter because um you said your sales cycle isMaryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: about to 12 months.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: how can you get eight clients in eight months from new?Maryam Hussain: We we have a full pipeline for the next three months.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. So,Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we're really talking three months of building and then after three months you want toMaryam Hussain: Yeah. So yeah. going going into the new year,Hassaan Ahmad: start.Maryam Hussain: we we've we've hit those numbers for the new year, but where I have no view on the pipeline is Q3 andHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Maryam Hussain: Q4.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. That's fair.Maryam Hussain: And I also have to I also have to say it's eight months starting now because someHassaan Ahmad: AndMaryam Hussain: clients might delay, the energy crisis is hitting people, people might delay it, people might cancel it. Uh and I'm expecting some people to say actually the gas bills are gone through the roof for the hotel.  
00:11:18
 Maryam Hussain: Let's come back to this in Q4. I'm expecting that as well.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah. Okay.Maryam Hussain: So,Hassaan Ahmad: That that is all fair. Where is the current pipeline coming from? Is that network or is that preferable?Maryam Hussain: referrals, referrals and or organic uh we'll haveHassaan Ahmad: Organic explain our guy to me.Maryam Hussain: a customer and they'll say uh we do reporting for their clients and that client will say,Hassaan Ahmad: Me.Maryam Hussain: "Hey, can I also get a demo?" That's really it. Or for example,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Maryam Hussain: we have a logistics company that we work with. we were doing their annual reporting and um we noticed that they made a massiveHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Maryam Hussain: purchase of automatics and robotics. So we got in touch with that company for some numbers and then they became a client. So it's all been referral they've not come off any campaign.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. So, you're gotcha. Okay. So,Maryam Hussain: No.  
00:12:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: if I'm understanding correctly, then um you're very clear on the numbers. I'm going to my screen now.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You're very clear on the numbers that you need to hit in order to basically get to where you need to. Um you don't have any marketing channels activated right now apart fromMaryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: referrals. Your preference is to go outsource outsources at much as muchMaryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: as possible.Maryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Who does the selling? Who's the seller?Maryam Hussain: I do.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, so you're the set. Perfect.Maryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. Okay. So, while you were talking, I was fitting in the spreadsheet. Yeah, I'm sure you have done that yourself.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, none of these numbers should be a surprise, but ACB of 20. What's your meetings to qualified opportunity ratio?Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, how many meetings do you have that turn into an opportunity?Maryam Hussain: Um pretty much all of them.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, because they're referrals,  
00:12:56
 Maryam Hussain: Pretty much all of them. Like we haven't had a situation where um someone has said,Hassaan Ahmad: right?Maryam Hussain: "Oh, let's have a meeting." And then walked away. The challenge that we have had is uh in really big organizations where we're just not big enough. I need to perhaps maybe I'm incorrect on this um need to have more salesHassaan Ahmad: AllMaryam Hussain: channel and sales activity and and influencing and meeting points in those large organizations. So where we have gotten lost is in one client which was MJM Global. Um that's the only one that we're still struggling trying to find the right person because for us the sweet spot is the upper theme. When we go into a very large client their demands of us and their requirements it becomes so big. I mean we have a signed off proposal with Maxol who have 220 gas stations petrol stations inHassaan Ahmad: right.Maryam Hussain: Ireland. Um it's approved but now it's gone to the next level and it's just been sitting in somewhere in the organization for the last six months.  
00:13:58
 Maryam Hussain: it will convert like we will get there but it is so much easier to move in the company earning up to 10 to 20 million because um they they love that we speak to them and we offer a solution that a really big company wouldn't offer to them and they wouldn't be able toHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Maryam Hussain: affordHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Who's your buyer? Like which titles have you goneMaryam Hussain: everything. We've got chief operations,Hassaan Ahmad: after?Maryam Hussain: chief financial, MD, CEO. Uh we've only got one company where we're working with the chief sustainability officer. Everyone else is COO orHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. That that would have been my guess as well. Um just a bit of background.Maryam Hussain: CFO.Hassaan Ahmad: So before I started remotis and Moody's has CS um the sustainability solutions VJ is 47. I was pretty involved with them.Maryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I was leading the charge on selling them to large enterprises. Sold them into SES into Kashm Wakefield into financial services and so forth.  
00:15:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: So pretty familiar with this space but stopped doing that about four years ago. So a bit of a gap there. Anyways, um you're absolutely right. Those entities are serviced quite heavily for sustainability by not onlyMaryam Hussain: and they're for a different market. They're for they're for your annual accounts. They're they're a different market, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Completely.Maryam Hussain: ratings and they're a different kind of disclosure need that they're servicing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Um, okay. Cool. So, look, 20k ACV, I'm going to make it three because that's the industry. Well, that is the gold standard. Every three meetings that you have,Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: one should convert to an a realistic opportunity. And what qualifies as an opportunity? You seem to be a very capable seller.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So the person has the budget they have the need there the timing is right so you require 150k ARR which means as you said eight deals to close eight months now when you go into the market when you activate the channels the best in class is to have at least 3x cover you should probably target four I'm going to type in three here that tells me that  
00:16:09
 Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: what you need to be getting out of whatever you do is 23 qualified opportunities which means within the year you need 68 meetings.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Does that sound okay to you?Maryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So, which equates to a monthly run rate of about six meetings if you're targeting these titles in this um this segment.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: My experience has been that you should be looking at probably this maybe in this range. So, 350 to 500. I'm going to make it 400 cost per lead. real cost per lead that it's going to cost you in order to get those meetings.Maryam Hussain: Mhm. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Maryam Hussain: Okay. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Now, this is the ad spend.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Is that within your budget or are we like wait Okay, cool.Maryam Hussain: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: If you're able to spend that, then Remedia can help. Yeah. Okay. Now,Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: what is it that we do, who we are, and so forth?  
00:17:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: We haven't talked about that. Let me put it into probably this. Let me first tell you who we're not, right? We're not a sales agency.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We're not a automation agency. And we're not a SAS tool. Yeah.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: A combination of all as you probably would have guessed. We are I'll tell you who we are.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So the three of us, we have started this team. Um we've started this company. I do revenue. So I've got 15 years in sales selling in and two fortune 100 fortune 500 companies. So pure enterprise selling background partner is a product andMaryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: UX designer from meta.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um he's built products that ship to billions and billions of people. And then we have a growth marketeer on the team whose literal only job is to get leads. Yeah. The reason why we've done it this way is because when I was in sales, the biggest problem to solve was getting in front of the right people with the right message at the right time so that you have a realistic prospect in the pipeline.  
00:18:13
 Maryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Solving that challenge has gotten harder and harder in the recent past.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Why? Because of AI. Everybody's got an AI tool. You could literally, as you said, spray and pray 3,000 emails.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The reason why that doesn't work is because the buyer on the other side is getting 600 emails a day, right? So,Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the noise is increasing phenomenally,Maryam Hussain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: which means what the person has got to do is actually read your email in order for it to resonate with you. And I just realized I'm not sharing anything. So, let me change that. Um, present something else. Entire screen.Maryam Hussain: And so if you don't mind me asking between the growth marketer and yourself, what's the percentage split of work in terms of hours per client perHassaan Ahmad: What we do is um that's a great question.Maryam Hussain: project?Hassaan Ahmad: I do the strategy. I do the messaging. I do I do everything leading up to the campaign or orchestration.  
00:19:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Then the marketeer takes over,Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Because he's the guy who has to actually put the budget behind it and so forth. I'll walk you through the um the process in a bit. Um, we're not a body shop, by the way. So, we're not committing. We don't commit that I'm going to work three hours or six hours or something. We will do whatever needs to be done in order to get you to a point where the campaigns arrive, the leads are coming in and so forth.Maryam Hussain: OneHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, this is what it is. Um, this is the team. But apart from that, we've got a research arm. We've got our design team. So, we've got everything in house. And we've got some proprietary tech that we use to really kind of research in depth on the market on the ICP, understand what their pains are, how they're talking about it, um where they're congregating, where are we able to find them, etc., etc. Craft a message that works for them to their specific pain.  
00:20:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: And we use the design expertise to condense that message into such a format that is simpleMaryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and easy enough for somebody to understand and interrupt their pattern when they come across it. And then the growth marketeers's job is to put it in front of the right people at the right time at the right cost. Yeah,Maryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: that's the way we're structured.Maryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Underpinning all of that is our four-length framework, which is that four things need to be true simultaneously in order for any effort to work. You need to know who you're going after.Maryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So your ICB architecture needs to be on point. You need to say the right thing to them and you need to articulate the problem that they're facingMaryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: that they're feeling better than they can articulate it themselves.Maryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: You got to have the right channel that you've got to execute with precision discipline.Maryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: This is what we hold ourselves to and this is what we do then.  
00:21:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Now, as I mentioned, we're not we don't just do strategy.Maryam Hussain: What?Hassaan Ahmad: We don't just do campaign. We don't just do whatever, we do all of it. So when we start working together, I will work with you to really understand what makes your current customers tick. If you got current um or any transcripts,Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: any calls that you've had with them, any intel that you can share, we will use that to really understand what were the key triggers for them that led them to buying CNO as opposed to another product. Okay. Once we have understood that we will try to find more people like them. That's going to be the first phase.Maryam Hussain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Find local lookalikes, go after them and go after them with a message that has already worked. Try to get them in the mix. We would then train the algorithm and train ourselves on what the response has been and keep testing till we get to the point or the  
00:22:04
 Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: the activity metrics the level that you wanted to get. You would start seeing the results in around week four, week five of us working together. This is what it looks like. Um sorry our phase one which is typically one to two weeks is just laying the foundations really understanding the ICP understanding the messaging um converting all the ass creating all the assets and so forth. If you need us to create the bio uh the case studies we could do that for you as well but that's up to you. Then we put that in motion.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We validate the first signal, make sure that the first thing lands and then we just put more money behind it, scale it um and keep on top of it. So if one thing starts tapering off, we would always have the second thing ready to go and hit it um to ensure that we're hitting that run rate of sixish meetings a month. Okay,Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm going to take a pause here and see if that resonates with you at all.  
00:23:08
 Maryam Hussain: Yeah. I just I've seen so many of these and it's always the same flow but just called different things. UmHassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, ask ask the question that you need to ask in orderMaryam Hussain: I think we could could we jump to the section where you tell me what you need technically like do you need a new domain?Hassaan Ahmad: toMaryam Hussain: Do you need email addresses? Do you need uh a LinkedIn profile like access like what is it that you need to get started and how do I see the results on an ongoing basis?Hassaan Ahmad: to get started.Maryam Hussain: Do you have an a platform that we log into? Do you email me meetingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Maryam Hussain: requests?Hassaan Ahmad: That um so what do I need technically is I will need a subdomain from you just so you have cesnew.com.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I would probably make it get.snew.com. That is what we would put our landing pages.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the right messaging to get people in. Yeah,  
00:24:02
 Maryam Hussain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: you would manage that. YouMaryam Hussain: Could you open up the presentation again because it seems some slides are are good.Hassaan Ahmad: would.Maryam Hussain: UmHassaan Ahmad: Which one do you want to look at?Maryam Hussain: the next one actually sorry could you just go through all of them if you don't mind?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Let me start with this. Yeah.Maryam Hussain: Yeah. Yeah. So, so here when we go to ICP architecture, so you'll need a subdomain.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maryam Hussain: You'll possibly need an email. You need that domain warmed up,Hassaan Ahmad: No.Maryam Hussain: tested.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we don't do emails. We will not do emails because my personal experience with emails has been terrible.Maryam Hussain: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maryam Hussain: Okay. So the channels are LinkedInHassaan Ahmad: We would only we would only activate in the firstMaryam Hussain: andHassaan Ahmad: instance the LinkedIn channel for you and we would do two things. We would activate your founders profile.  
00:24:57
 Hassaan Ahmad: So we would start with thought leaders thought leader ads and we would do theMaryam Hussain: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: static conversion ads.Maryam Hussain: Okay. SoHassaan Ahmad: Reason why we do both is because thought leadership is it creates awareness.Maryam Hussain: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Conversion captures interest and gets people in through theMaryam Hussain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: funnel.Maryam Hussain: So step one is uh set up a subdomain for future content landing pages potentially linking to a bookingHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Maryam Hussain: meeting where you also pick up traffic signals IPs match it to other databasesHassaan Ahmad: Correct. Yeah.Maryam Hussain: and then expand that out. Okay, that's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: Step one a,Maryam Hussain: Um but prim Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: sorry, step one a is going to be setting up the architecture for. So if you have an ad account,Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: fine. If not, add it to add us to your LinkedIn page and we would take care of that.Maryam Hussain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So we would do all of that lift.Maryam Hussain: And then you'd be working on organic and paid as well.  
00:25:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: We would be working on what do you mean organic and paid?Maryam Hussain: Like you'd be like organic is unpaid traffic, right? So you'd be sending some traffic via organic or trying to put some back links onto the website. Are you spending that on SEO as well or is it primarilyHassaan Ahmad: We wouldn't do SEO in the first instance.Maryam Hussain: LinkedIn?Hassaan Ahmad: We would only activate the two channels. So we would activate your founders profile and we would activate the conversion.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Reason why we would do that is because right now the market doesn't know Suso, right?Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: an unknown quantity and the credibility layer in the absence ofMaryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: case studies and logos on the website is you is your profile as a founder and so forth.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So our job is going to be putting you front and center in front of all the people,Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: With the right message that they can resonate with. Yeah,  
00:26:39
 Maryam Hussain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm not sure if you saw my LinkedIn post or that's what we wouldMaryam Hussain: Yeah, I know. They're good. They're good posts. I like them.Hassaan Ahmad: do. That's what we would do for you and we're really good at crafting postMaryam Hussain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: whatever the solution is that we're pushing and I can show you some examples of that andMaryam Hussain: So, so how how much of that budget is spent on on the adsHassaan Ahmad: thenMaryam Hussain: themselves?Hassaan Ahmad: um so the 2250 is spent on the adsMaryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: retainer is separate it's the packages start from 999 to 34.97 I I think the 999 should be enough in the first instance and then we can see if you want to go up a tier.Maryam Hussain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll walk you through the packages in a bit if that's of interest.Maryam Hussain: Yeah. Yeah. Let's go through theHassaan Ahmad: Um before we do that,Maryam Hussain: packages.Hassaan Ahmad: you had a question. So you asked about um what is the lift required from you?  
00:27:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: That was your question number one.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What was there another question that I've not answered yet?Maryam Hussain: No, I mean No, no, continue. Let's go to the the servicing prices andHassaan Ahmad: Sure.Maryam Hussain: andHassaan Ahmad: So these are the things that we do. These are our three packages. I think you would be good here.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You're a really good seller. So you don't need this for sure. Um this is the pipeline package. 9999 a month. We do market research, ICP, messaging, landing pages, thought leadership, campaign management. Um authorities when we actually work on case studies, white papers, original interactive artifacts, and so forth. So that's the stuff that we build for you on top. If you want us wanted us to, happy to do it. Um, in the first instance probably we can start here. It's up toMaryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: you.Maryam Hussain: When you say to be paid directly by the company, what does that  
00:28:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: You will pay 2500 ad spend.Maryam Hussain: mean?Hassaan Ahmad: So you would link your card to LinkedIn for the ad spend and you would or whatever it is to us.Maryam Hussain: That would be a problem because I cannot claim that back on a grant.Hassaan Ahmad: So you want me to bill you for the whole thing?Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Can do it.Maryam Hussain: Um, what's on the last slide?Hassaan Ahmad: What changes forMaryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you?Maryam Hussain: Okay. So, so let's say we're we're getting results from LinkedIn. We keep working on LinkedIn and or or you start doing some other things on the subdomain.Hassaan Ahmad: We some other things as in email.Maryam Hussain: No. Why do you need theHassaan Ahmad: You mean why we need the subdomain is because sometimes the angle doesn'tMaryam Hussain: subdomain?Hassaan Ahmad: work. Sometimes it works but we need to tweak it or expand it. So rather than us coming to you and asking for a separate domain every single time, we just use the same one.  
00:29:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: Would you like to see an example?Maryam Hussain: Yeah. Can you explain that to me? I don't fully understand. No, I'm okay. I'm okay. If if you're okay, I'm okay with the time. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey,Maryam Hussain: Oh, sorry. I think you dropped offHassaan Ahmad: sorry. Yeah.Maryam Hussain: there.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, no worries. Can you see my screen now?Maryam Hussain: I can. Yeah, it's just loading up. Yep, I can see it.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So,Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: this is a client. The client is my one login. They do identity access management software.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The UK is top one of the best in the Europe and so forth. Um, this was their origin website by the way. So, this is how they structured. Yeah.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: When I talk about ICP mapping and ICP targeting, this is the kind of stuff we come up with. So the first test that we ran for them was for a very specific ICP which is the MDs and partners at UK accounting firms who struggle with  
00:30:54
 Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: their teams getting locked out of government gateway loginins. Yeah,Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: that is the depth that we go to in order to really just target the peopleMaryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: because you've got to understand a partner at a UK accounting firm is getting 600 approaches a day. So you've got to stand out and this is what we do. So this is the first thing that we did. We had some solid traction for from this for about six weeks. We captured all the demand that we wanted to. We got some meetings with UK top 20 companies and so forth. But then we wanted to expand it. So what we did then is on the same domain we came up with slightly different messaging. So if you can see it's the same domain but we tested a new angle and then we tested another angle and so forth. Now if you don't give us this bit, this is the bit that you will give us. Then every single time we've got to spin up something new, we would need to come to you and say, "Hey, can you do it for us?"  
00:31:57
 Maryam Hussain: And you work on WordPress.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry,Maryam Hussain: You can you can work onHassaan Ahmad: we don't work on WordPress.Maryam Hussain: WordPress.Hassaan Ahmad: We would host it ourself. Um, right now our stack is Versel. Um,Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: we've used Web Flow. So this one is hosted in web flow.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We use versel or web flow simply because it allows for really really granular tracking that uhMaryam Hussain: And you have your own servers for the domain is it or you you'll need a server from us?Hassaan Ahmad: you don't what do you mean by that? You don't need a server for a domain. What do youMaryam Hussain: No,Hassaan Ahmad: mean?Maryam Hussain: we we host our entire because we also have a link to the online login that customer use to access the platform.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay.Maryam Hussain: Um okay. Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Who's your DNSMaryam Hussain: that's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: provider?Maryam Hussain: someone terrible. GoDaddy, but we have Hostinger.  
00:32:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: I mean,Maryam Hussain: We're slowly moving overHassaan Ahmad: GoDaddy works fine. I host remote here on GoDaddy. So, soMaryam Hussain: there. I can't wait till that contract ends.Hassaan Ahmad: that'sMaryam Hussain: But yeah, so we have a mix of GoDaddy and Hostinger. Um, we had domains on GoDaddy,Hassaan Ahmad: okay.Maryam Hussain: but then we moved hosting to Hostinger just because it was faster. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Maryam Hussain: sorry, continue. IHassaan Ahmad: In any case, you would need to give us the subdomain.Maryam Hussain: digress.Hassaan Ahmad: Once you give us the subdomain, that would unblock us from testing whatever we want to with your of course uh changing things, putting more angles in, expanding the angles and so forth. So, we would stay on top of that based on whatever signals we're getting from the market.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Does that answer your question about how we would set it up?Maryam Hussain: Yeah. I mean um so so the links to these domains are shared as part of those campaigns and you test different messaging and different campaigns.  
00:33:41
 Maryam Hussain: Is that it?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh yeah to an extent um yes there is a whole campaignMaryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: orchestration piece which I won't bore you with. Uh but yes we have got a so a domain is where somebody would come to take an action just like you sent to my website to take action right so we would need the domain in any case but how we send people to that domainMaryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: is is part of the work that we do right I me two channels how we engineer that will be specific to whatever angle we're running who we're targeting and so forthMaryam Hussain: So essentially the the the difference between the differentiating factor is the the very highHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Maryam Hussain: level of customization, personalization, testing, message refinement, creation of the profile to bring the base audience a little bit higher and the base attention higher. Um yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Maryam Hussain: Okay. Okay, I got it.Hassaan Ahmad: And then your second question was about how do you know what's coming again in what's happen so  
00:34:41
 Maryam Hussain: Yeah. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: forth. So we would Can you see my screen?Maryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: We would set it up on your ad account. So you would own this from day one. If you want to fire us, this would be the data that you own.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So you would have signals coming in through two angles or through two ways. The first one is you would be able to see exactly what the performance is like. For example, I'm showing you my account where I've spent this much. I've done this. This is how good the posts are performing.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We can educate you on what these numbers mean if you don't have an idea, but you would have real-time access to this because this would be your account.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The second thing that we do, and this is more real time, is we would add you to our Slack channel and you'd be able to see this coming in. So, you would have real-time lead flow coming in. Um, we would track everything.  
00:35:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, who's coming in from where and so forth and we can hook it up with your CRM as well if you want. Which CRM do you use?Maryam Hussain: Pardon?Hassaan Ahmad: Which CRM do you use?Maryam Hussain: We tested a few of them. Um, we toyed with the idea of HubSpot. Wasn't really for me. We might go with um Zoho just because I'm I'm keen to move the emails to Zoho or Pipe Drive. It's not decided right now. Um, but I think the stage where we're at a well-maintained, you know, you have all the campaigns on LinkedIn, that's kind of a CRM in some ways, but you you can't really do enrichment. We might use Pipe Drive, we might use Soho. It's not a decision I've takenHassaan Ahmad: I can advise you on that if you want.Maryam Hussain: yet.Hassaan Ahmad: Um but yeah, so we we can hook up the CRM integration as well. Um right now the flow that I've got running for myself at Ramier is when somebody puts in an email address, they come to my CRM as a marketing qualified lead.  
00:36:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: They get added to a ner sequence if they haven't booked a call. If they have booked a call, the stage gets updated. So there's that entire orchestration setup as well which we would do part of the package um no extra cost.Maryam Hussain: Okay, fairHassaan Ahmad: So all in you're looking at um three grand for the lowestMaryam Hussain: enough.Hassaan Ahmad: year and a half or four and a half if you wanted us to do the case studies and so forth. Um, how does thatMaryam Hussain: I mean, it's it's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: sound?Maryam Hussain: I'm just I'm not fully I I I get a feeling that the game is essentially the same for everybody that's playing it. Um there's just different ways of tweaking the quality of the message and the timing of the message. Everyone is coming out at the exact same price. Everybody, they're coming out the exact same price, 2 to 3K. and everyone is is is doing the same table of working backwards. Um for me, so I spent like five years working in in marketing and and data and marketing and I know it um pretty well like gant planning of campaigns and audiences and all that kind of stuff, right?  
00:38:00
 Maryam Hussain: Um, for me there's there's uh a couple of things that always stood out to me when I looked at the data coming from marketing campaigns. The biggest thing was how you got people to move between channels, which is why I kept talking asking about the subdomain, the subdomain, the subdomain. Um, and the second thing is it's essentially a numbers game. It is basically a numbers game. what each a each service provider offers uniquely is how they can make sure that that numbers game is as precise and effective as possible. So you're taking an approach of saying okay well let's have it LinkedIn focused let's have it profile uh leader le let's amplify that profile make sure it has attention let's work on that for a few weeks and then customize a message and and and and customize it as we go so have a little bit of a different um a different proposition J&B a different one a bit more old school Miller again a little bit more old school um none of them are right or none of them are wrong.  
00:39:05
 Maryam Hussain: It's really um what do you want to do in the first 3 months when you're still building data and understanding. So for me when for me there there there's two front runners here. Number one is Hayward Miller and number two is Soro and and for two different reasons. Hayward is a very old school personal touch kind of agency. Um and I think they do what they do well with that personal touch. Um then there's the other side when I look at all the digital solutions the first month is going to be setup and what so offer for they offer small to medium business pricing which is £500 to just do the setup. So that's your warm up your domain. They give you an account manager. They customize the case studies. They do the content. They do the messaging. So you have four weeks to just do that pre-work and that's f priced at £500. Um, so that that that's that pre-work piece done for £500. There's also then some flexibility in billing.  
00:40:05
 Maryam Hussain: So the grant runs from the work the the billing is applicable for work that starts on the 1st of April, but it needs to run for 30 days. The invoice is raised. You pay the invoice. There's a 10-day waiting period and then you file your claim and then they have 45 days to pay it. Blah blah blah. So what Soopra have been able to do is and I can I can forward you all this stuff. So I'm completely transparent. They've been able to offer the flexible invoicing. Okay. So let's say for £500 the setup is there and then I have flexible invoicing until the end of April. I'm still going to even like at that point I've only spent £500. They'll find me a few meetings. They'll find me a few meetings. They'll find five or six because they'll just go they'll find five or six. Even if one of those converts, it only at that point cost me500. Do you see what I mean?  
00:40:56
 Maryam Hussain: Whereas with you guys, the net investment would be it wouldn't be multi- channelannel and I and I know your frustrations with the multiple channels, but nonetheless it's good data. It's nonetheless it's good data for us. Um and then there's visibility on easy integration into multiple channels. So the other advantage with Soro is is that once that data starts coming in, who knows how good that data will be. I think there's a lot of companies that advertise we have 500,000 you know people in our database and then you ask them on the video call to go into the UK go into an industry and suddenly the quality vanishes. So yeah, let's see. Um, it would be great if I had a baseline to work with and I don't have a baseline, but the Soro offering gives me a setup and one month of data. I'll I'll get one meeting out of it, you know, and that one meeting could be worth 20K and then the system starts fueling itself. It starts fueling itself. For a company like us, while we are profitable, we don't have like just 15 20k lying ground to spend, right?  
00:42:01
 Maryam Hussain: It's the company is profitable but that's after we pay everybody. We want to remain debt free. We want to remain investor free. Um with your solution and the other solution is that the hill to begin is too large. So by the time we would even start seeing result we've probably spent about £7,000. We don't claim that back. Remember we you not VAT registered I think. Yeah. Yeah. So we wouldn't be able to even claim back the VAT on that.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Maryam Hussain: So, by the time we've done the work, got a few meetings, put in our claim, we've spent £7,000. Do you see what I mean?Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Maryam Hussain: Um, and that's where my mind is. Um, like they'll find something like it won't be perfect. It won't be as refined, but it's still good data for us because we have no data to work from right now as it's Neo. Do you see what I'm thinking? Um, f***Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:42:53
 Maryam Hussain: it. Let them send out 5,000 emails. Who cares? That's knowledge for us. Let them let them shoot out 5,000. What's the harm?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maryam Hussain: It's not me doing it. It's not my domain or email blacklisted, you know. Um um so that's where my head is. Have a think about it. See if there's something workable. There is a different angle on it. And I think for a company like us where we're not brand recognized, we're not ranking in SEO. We're not doing any of those things, the really only online presence is my profile. And I'm pretty bad at running that anyway or running this Neo profile. We had a student doing some stuff, but he's a student. Um, so in terms of brand and professionalism, that's something that Sopra won't do. Um, I would say go and think about it and see if there's a potential solution you can think of or come up with. I do really like the personalization piece, but when it comes down to run rate of money, that's where it's not working right now at the moment.  
00:43:58
 Maryam Hussain: And sure, like,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Maryam Hussain: let let like like even if So do a terrible job. Give them a three-month contract, let them run for three months. What's the worst that could happen? I'll I'll nonetheless get four or five meetings. One of them will convert. Do you see what I mean? And then I have a database and I have a data set and then I can go to the next client, next business and be like, okay, or I could hire my own full-time SDR. I don't know. I don't know yet. Um, it's the first time. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maryam Hussain: but really I'm looking at barrier to the first few meetings, how to lower that barrier because it's great to have the grant, but by the time we actually get the money back in our bank account, it could be like 60 days with the government bodies.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No, I think you're you're absolutely right. Thank you for being upfront with that. Um, so you you said that I should I you know you've asked me to go and think about it.  
00:44:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: What would need to be true in order for you to move ahead with us? So I can think along thoseMaryam Hussain: Yeah. So, we want to lower the barrier to start.Hassaan Ahmad: lines.Maryam Hussain: I don't want a 7K bill before I see a first result.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um I think that's going to be difficult for me simply because of the way we work.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um we can compress the time to go live to 5 days. We onboarded a client on Thursday. We're going live with him today.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um so we could do that quite easily. And by go live it means the guy has next two weeks of posts hyper specific personalized posts ready to go. Uh the lender is ready everything is ready.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So we could do that which means that you wouldn't be looking at a six week training period before you start seeing results. You could start seeing results as soon as week three. But between you going live with or between us getting the campaign live and you seeing the first result, the money would need to be spent on the ads, right?  
00:46:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um that's the thing that we don't control.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's going to be a pass through cost for us if we do it.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So you would be on the hook for that regardless.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Now the way LinkedIn billing works is that you don't get build straight away.Maryam Hussain: Yeah. It's audiences and impressions andHassaan Ahmad: No, no, no.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So what what it looks like is that you get a bill of £100 once the£100 isMaryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: spent then you get 200 then you get 300 and so forth when weMaryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: are scaling it. So the way we would budget it is 50 into 7. It's about a run rate of £350 per month uh per week to start with,Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but it would need to beMaryam Hussain: Yeah, of course.Hassaan Ahmad: paid.Maryam Hussain: But I mean, that's what I mean. It's it's ad spend. It's digital ad spend. And the more you ad spend, the more results you will get.  
00:47:02
 Maryam Hussain: I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. Right.Maryam Hussain: um, soHassaan Ahmad: And risk with what we do is that because we invest a lot of brain power up front. So I would activate the research team. I would activate the design team. They would do all of that. Um the risk is yes, we could do all that work. We could give that to you and then you run away. I'm not saying you would, but any client would, right? So that means that that's wasted effort for us. So to protect that, we do have to build up front.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um that's that's just my challenge. That's a reality of the industry that I work in. You know, I've had clients ghost me um before. So I just have to protect my business as well.Maryam Hussain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Now with that said, email as a channel can absolutely work. I think you should try it. Um youMaryam Hussain: I'm not expecting I'm not expecting great things,  
00:47:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: could it'sMaryam Hussain: but for someone who hasn't done it, it's still data.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I mean the data that you get is I don't know what they promise you.Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um but the data that you get when you do emails is we send 3,000 emails. Our open rate was 3% of which the response rate wasMaryam Hussain: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: 1%.Maryam Hussain: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: And then you have your show rates to track and so forth. Yeah, we can we can provide you with the same data,Maryam Hussain: there you go.Hassaan Ahmad: right? We could tell you that hey, your ad was seen by 200,000 people of which X% responded and so forth.Maryam Hussain: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: What what would you do with that data is the question.Maryam Hussain: I mean there are a few ideas but we'll I mean primarily would be CRM enrichment or follow on to calls. I don't know there's a few things we could do.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Maryam Hussain: Um it's I'll sum I'll summarize the  
00:48:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: So in terms of dataMaryam Hussain: challenge quite simply. It's barrier to start.Hassaan Ahmad: thenMaryam Hussain: That's it. barrier to activation. If there's nothing that can be done, there's there's nothing that can be done. And and that's it. I mean, you know, for me, the the this I I like that they have pricing for SMBs. I'm not here to sell soap, by the way. Um, for us, the most sensible partner to go with, I mean, I really like Hayward Miller. Um, they're old school. Um I like JMBB's combination of we'll assign a BDR to you and we'll go to some conferences. So their proposal was a mix of online,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maryam Hussain: a mix of LinkedIn and a mix of there's these 20 trade shows that we will represent you like we'll physically go and you know and those are very powerful face to face. I mean do not underestimate how powerful face to face is especially if you have someone going out to trade shows as you're representing you spending a whole day handshaking meeting collecting business cards.  
00:49:52
 Maryam Hussain: very powerful. So that you know they're pricing at 2800 everything excluding VAT but that includes them doing um 10 uh going out and doing 10 visits. So they're taking a slightly different approach which works. It works in certain industries in the ad space and the transport. You have to understand that the people that we're talking to, yeah, they might be on LinkedIn, but these are people who are who are most the time these are old family businesses. Most of the time they're earning 10 to 20 million. They're super tight. They don't want to spend five or six grand. You're not we're not selling, you know, solutions that are $40, $50 a month solutions. We're not selling small. We're selling enterprise. Do you see what I mean? Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maryam Hussain: so each one has a a very unique kind of approach. I don't know which one will work better. So I'm happy to let a digital company like Soro just stick everything to the wall and see what sticks.  
00:50:52
 Maryam Hussain: And that's data for me. And then I can walk and say,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maryam Hussain: "Okay, yeah, I've got maybe two or three interested people. That's that's good enough for five, you know, 500 to 5k spend, whatever." But that's not really now we activate something else or something else. I I genuinely I don't know. But what I need is a lower barrier to start. When um Optic AI sent me their pricing first um I instantly said to them, "No, thank you." Um and then they dropped their price by 50% to 3K. Now I'm going to go meet them. Um actually tomorrow I'm going to Derry. So I'm going to go meet them tomorrow and see what they have to say. But again, it is another version of refinement here, refinement there, AI here, refinement here, better intent signals, better customized messaging,Hassaan Ahmad: Oh,Maryam Hussain: all that kind of stuff. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: good.Maryam Hussain: anyways, have a think about it. You know, where I am, we want to do something, but the way we're scheduled, we don't have, you know, seven or 8K lying around to spend on ads.  
00:51:47
 Maryam Hussain: We want to partner in it. And if the machine is working, we're not going to turn it off. like it's not going to happen that if we continue to get high quality meetings that we're just going to in month four say, "Oh, we don't need any more meetings anymore." No, it's not going to happen.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maryam Hussain: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: What's that?Maryam Hussain: but the starting of the setup needs to be more cost-effective. That would be my only that would be my only thing. And I'm conscious we're coming up to time and my phone just also died.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, no, no worries at all.Maryam Hussain: So,Hassaan Ahmad: Miam, it sounds like you already have a preference for a solution right now.Maryam Hussain: no,Hassaan Ahmad: I thinkMaryam Hussain: I'm still open-minded. I I'm just telling you like I mean I'm completely open-minded because remember 70% of the money will beHassaan Ahmad: so.Maryam Hussain: refunded but my issue is is that when I send the invoice to the grant authority and I say refund me for LinkedIn ads they won't pay it back.  
00:52:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I mean it is.Maryam Hussain: You know we'll have to work we'll have to work on the invoicing and what it's titled and what it's called and things like that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maryam Hussain: But there's things that in the grant I that's why I'm saying like I can't claim it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Maryam Hussain: So you would send me an invoice for whatever three grand. you would then buy the ads and do whatever and it would be called market development or prospect analysis or AI client development or whatever. But I can't claim for LinkedIn ad spense.Hassaan Ahmad: That's fine.Maryam Hussain: Do you see what I mean?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I mean, we can word it however you want to word it, but yeah,Maryam Hussain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think 3K would be the floor forMaryam Hussain: Yeah. No, everyone is coming around the same price.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Maryam Hussain: Um but but but Soro is coming in at a 500 pound setup feeHassaan Ahmad: So,Maryam Hussain: and then 2K a month. And for 2K, okay, it's a 20% difference, but they're letting me do the invoice at the end of the month, but I'm still But I know it's going to be quantity over quality.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Maryam Hussain: I know this. This is not something that I'm expecting that it's going to be high quality. It's not, but they'll throw everything.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Maryam Hussain: Some things will stick and then it'll get better and better. Either it'll get better with them or it'll get better with somebody else. But I'll have at least someHassaan Ahmad: look, for eight meetings,Maryam Hussain: data.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that approach very well might work. So, let's do this. Let's probably put a pin on this for now. Um,Maryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: maybe reconnect in three months. See where you've gotten to with Sorro and you know by that time you would have theMaryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: data, you would have a channel activated and fully operational for about two and a half months, maybe three.Maryam Hussain: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Then, if it makes sense, we can have a conversation around activating the next challenge for next channel for you.Maryam Hussain: Yep.  
Transcription ended after 00:54:25

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
