---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Pete/Remotir  - Campaign Checkin – 2026/03/31 14:00 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-31T14:14:47.653Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-31T13:30:57.256Z
---


Pete/Remotir  - Campaign Checkin - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hey Pete,Pete Taylor: Asan, how we doing, man?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well. How are you?Pete Taylor: Good, mate. I'm veryHassaan Ahmad: Apologies.Pete Taylor: well.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, well, a minute too late. We were just in anotherPete Taylor: That's fine, mate. It's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: call.Pete Taylor: It's quite all right. I I've literally just walked in the house 5 minutesHassaan Ahmad: All right.Pete Taylor: ago.Hassaan Ahmad: So, how are things? How have youPete Taylor: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: been?Pete Taylor: Well, mate. Yeah. Good. Looks like the um the campaign's started to kick off, which is good.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Good stuff.Pete Taylor: Yeah. Yeah. We've got um there's three calls in the calendar. All right, guys. A deal. Adlan, how we doing? Um three calls calendar and a couple other guys are on like they've messaged me without booking in sort of thing.  
00:00:45
 Pete Taylor: So, we're trying to figure outHassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right.Pete Taylor: times.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, that sounds like a really strong start. We're very pleased with how this is going. Um, when we spoke with you the first time, we had a I mean, we knew this was going to go well, but it's beaten our expectations. To give you some stats, you're getting eyes on your landing page for less than a pound,Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: which is insane. People get like 10,Pete Taylor: Is thatHassaan Ahmad: 15. So, it's 15 pounds per landing page click,Pete Taylor: Oh.Hassaan Ahmad: sometimes even higher. You're getting CEOs to get to your landing page for right now. It's 90 cents, sorry, 90p, which is pretty pretty good. So, what we're doing is working.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Obviously, you being you really helps. Um, but it's the message is authentic. Um, I think the execution's really good. we've done what we do anyway but the message is just resonating with people.  
00:01:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um we were very pleased and Adil was so my my barometer for success is you know how excited Adil is on certain things and Adil is a very hard person to see excited. He saw CTRs of like 20% and just you know went crazy. So so that tells you that the message is just resonating with people right there's need in the market.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so we're just going to let it rip. You know, it's so good. It's not broken. Nothing's broken right now. We're just going to let it rip for now. Um, we'll milk it for as long as we can. We're two weeks in. I think tomorrow is going to be two weeks a deal, right? So, two weeks since the start of campaign, really strong numbers. Nothing's telling us that we need to change anything with the current stuff. So, we're not going to change it. um you continue doing what you're doing. Now,Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: we're going to let it run for another week or two and then potentially put in a bottom of a funnel campaign as well.  
00:02:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, start people who are getting on the landing page who are being tracked by the pixel and soAdnan Khan: s***.Hassaan Ahmad: forth. Going to start hitting them with some conversion ads. But we're at least a week, maybe two weeks out from that based on the data we have today.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Does that work?Pete Taylor: Yeah. Yeah, that works.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Pete Taylor: I I I um I trust you guys to steer theHassaan Ahmad: perfect. All right. Um,Pete Taylor: direction.Hassaan Ahmad: thanks for saying that. So, yeah, so that's plan number one on what we're going to do in terms of additional targeting campaigns and so forth.Pete Taylor: AllHassaan Ahmad: What we also think is an opportunity for us is to start tweaking the landing page a little bit and see if we can convert more of the eyes that are coming on the landing page into meetings for you.Pete Taylor: right. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: two things we want to do there. The first one is your calendar.  
00:03:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: I just looked at it. Your availability is just terrible, mate. Like three days in the future of which one is Good Friday. Like that doesn't help. So you've got to open up more slots if you uh the second thing that we were thinking ofPete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: is putting a video on the landing page. So you've done the video that you've shared is great.Pete Taylor: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: It's a bit too long for people who are coming in cold and you know who want to get enough toPete Taylor: I know it is. Yeah. So,Hassaan Ahmad: convert.Pete Taylor: I made that I made that video for literally the guys that have done a call. So if they booked a call and I made that yesterday to then send it to them so theyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: actually they're not coming on going how does this guy work they they get it before they come on theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: And and for what it's worth,  
00:04:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: Have youPete Taylor: call.Adnan Khan: that's that's actually really good because like we do want to get the show up rates right, but we also need a video now at the at the start of the funnel. So then it becomes like a whole complete journey like they see you,Pete Taylor: Yeah.Adnan Khan: they book, and then they see what happens afterwards. So then the show up rate just gets gets a hold the featherPete Taylor: Yeah, just one one question whilst I I've got this. So, open up my cander slots. I Yeah, I absolutely can do that. Um, how far do you recommend opening that into into the future?Hassaan Ahmad: Um given that we're getting what do I do is I havePete Taylor: Like, what do what do you do?Hassaan Ahmad: six days in future and it's always six days available.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um I've flirted with various day various durations. I've had 10 and I've had three. The problem with three is because you and I target the same kind of people like we get we only want to talk to CEOs.  
00:05:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: A co's calendar as you know is very full. Yeah. So they're looking at just three days or four days into the future they have to make a call on what is it that they need to kill. Sometimes there's not much. Six days I find is the sweet spot because it often gives them a week week and a half of visibility into the future. Um and that stuff they can plan around. I also find that it helps to have some unsocial hours in there. So, you know, slightly early in the morning or slightly later in the evening. But best meetings, literally the best meetings that I've had at like 10 p.m. Yeah.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: with UK people. I had it because I was, you know, I straddled Pacific time as well as UK time. But the data tells me that when you want to have a really deep kind of honest conversation with a chief exec, you it can't be between 9 and 5. Nine and five is really hard.  
00:06:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: They have to find a room. they have to make some calls, things get in the way. So, see if you can do something in the evening,Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: not every day, but maybe two times a week.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That might help. Yeah. So, not 10 p.m.,Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but do maybe like 6:00 to 7 or 7 to 8 after you put Leo to bed. Something like that. See if that works. If it doesn't, you can change it in two weeks. Cost nothing to try.Pete Taylor: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll um I'll open up some earlier and some later slots and I'll extend the days to Yeah. Maybe like seven day seven day ahead or at least so they've got a whole weekend a day.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: Yeah. Yeah. Worth like working days of slots they can look at.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: A little hack that I do is I just block off some days just to tell them that, you know, if I've got three days of open visibility and I want to give the impression that, you know, I'm a really busy guy, which, you know, more often than not am, but sometimes weeks.  
00:07:19
 Pete Taylor: Yeah, I get it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I just block off some days. So, feel free to tryPete Taylor: Yeah, the thing well genuinely like I do have days that are blocked,Hassaan Ahmad: that.Pete Taylor: you know, like this, you know, this week or last I just I've done two CEO days back to back.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Good.Pete Taylor: So the whole day blocked so I don't it's generally there's I won't be f******Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. that.Pete Taylor: available every day of the week.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's that's amazing. So, I think that would definitely help because if I think about the user journey, they look at your post or they look at the ad, they're coming through the page, they're fully bought in, they type in their email address, but then they don't see a slot. Well, that's a bit of a bummer, right? We've added where friction doesn't need to be. So,Pete Taylor: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: we remove that friction. That should help. And then the second thing should be if somebody's even slightly wondering, is this for me?  
00:08:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: Is this guy for real? I've been burned before, etc. That two-minute video at the top, very punchy, should also help increase that trust level, get them to do the CTA that we want themPete Taylor: Okay, fine.Hassaan Ahmad: to.Pete Taylor: So, so you need me to make a video on that video. Anything you want in particular I shouldHassaan Ahmad: Um,Pete Taylor: say.Hassaan Ahmad: so we've gone back and forth on that. What we really liked is, and I wonder if I can pull that. Give me one sec. Super human. Where isPete Taylor: I actually um did do a video uhHassaan Ahmad: he?Pete Taylor: yesterday. Um I mean I don't I'm not sure that it's completely right for this market, but I would be open to what you guys think. If you look on the if you look on heroicman.com um the video as soon as you go onto it plays and there's a button to click unmute andHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Pete Taylor: it's um it's a minute 20 long and it's essentially a show re talk over it but it might  
00:09:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, this one. Okay.Pete Taylor: not be right for this market.Hassaan Ahmad: N. So, um, it needs to be you talking to the camera and actually talking to the person. I'm going to I was trying to find our last meeting that we did where you went on threePete Taylor: Yeah, I rambled.Hassaan Ahmad: minute on why you andPete Taylor: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: why.Pete Taylor: I've got that meeting because I've gotHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, exactly.Pete Taylor: it.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you've got that. Just go and listen to that. Again, if you can extract just you talking like just your praise and not ours through Fathom, I think that could be something that we could use depending on the quality of course. But if you can't then just literally word for word if you could do that or whatever comes naturally.Pete Taylor: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Maybe that's that's it.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Because that's your story of what your journey was,Pete Taylor: Fine.Hassaan Ahmad: what prompted you to start it and what do you do?  
00:10:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Those are the Yeah.Adnan Khan: And I think you delivered to delivered it to us as like a cold audience as you gave it from scratch and you did it in like aPete Taylor: Yeah.Adnan Khan: short amount of time. Uh which landed pretty well I think.Pete Taylor: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Pete Taylor: It was because it was off the cuff.Adnan Khan: AndPete Taylor: Yeah, they're always the f****** best. And then when you try and replicate the off theAdnan Khan: and and that's what you want with this,Hassaan Ahmad: that'sAdnan Khan: right?Pete Taylor: cuffAdnan Khan: Because like a lot of people are coming in, they just want to see you off the cuff. They don't want to see something choreographed or scripted.Pete Taylor: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: so yeah, I mean that's uh that's the update we had.Pete Taylor: I canHassaan Ahmad: We had a couple of questions for you as well. But before we get into that, Adil Nan, anything to add?  
00:10:57
 Hassaan Ahmad: Anything IAdnan Khan: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: missed?Adnan Khan: I'm I'm curious, Adil, this is more of a question for you. If Pete is getting in front of the camera and there is a certain tax like get the camera, set it up, edit, etc. Do we want him to do a couple of takes or should we just expect one final output? It's not from the p perspective of like, oh yeah, we will assess which is the best take. It's more like, do we want to do more than one landing page? Do we want to do a couple like one with the video, one without, or? You want to do one current and then AB test two different videos.Adeel Khan: uh one current. So we don't need multiple one current. We'll test the video first and we're basically testing if it's uh text works or is does a video work better and then we'll like fix things up andHassaan Ahmad: Yes.Pete Taylor: Yes.Adeel Khan: etc.Pete Taylor: Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Cool. Pete, question for you then is you've had six, seven, probably I think we were counting seven, eight people who are coming through various channels.  
00:12:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: How do you feel about the ICP fit and is there something you need us to change? And more importantly, have you had a conversation with any of themPete Taylor: No. So,Hassaan Ahmad: yet?Pete Taylor: I was I was due to talk to Akmed yes um yesterday. He was in my calendar and he emailed me an hour before saying, "Pete, I'm really sorry. I was really looking forward to a conversation or but I've been sick all weekend. Can we postpone?" So, so I moved it in the calendar to Wednesday, so to emailed him saying, "Don't worry, it's it's moved to Wednesday. Let me know if you can if you can't make it." So, um, as it stands, I've got Akmed on Wednesday, and then I've got a a guy called Peter on Friday, and another guy on Friday, too.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Pete Taylor: Yeah. And then there's And then there's three or four other leads that had put their email in but hadn't booked a call. Um, so far I have spoken to one of them on LinkedIn.  
00:13:09
 Pete Taylor: This is the that's the guy that you guys messaged me saying, "This guy looks f****** strong." Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: he said to me, "I couldn't find a time in your calendar." And he's away in the US right now, but is back um week commencing the 11th and so would look to book in then. I'm I've actually got my um annual men's retreat on the 11th for a um so I suggested to him that we book in for next week. He hasn't replied. Um so yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Pete Taylor: haven't spoken to anyoneHassaan Ahmad: that's fine. Um,Pete Taylor: yet.Hassaan Ahmad: just keep that question in mind because obviously when we start something there's a bit of calibration that needs to do.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, we have to strike a delicate balance between removing friction but creating just enough that you know the right people come in. So one of the things I'm conscious about is you know your your offer costs fiveish grand to start with. Yeah. Um,Pete Taylor: Yeah.  
00:14:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: when I looked at a couple of people, I was wondering if five grand is going to be a bit too pricey for them. So, there is a version of doing this where we can get people to fill in a form and, you know, kind of qualify that. I don't like it because it adds a lot of friction. So, we wouldn't do that until we have confirmed that quality is a problem and ICP fit is a problem. Yeah, expected that something that happens in every campaign no matter how you do it.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, keep us posted and record everything. Send us the transcripts and we can just do more stuff off the back ofPete Taylor: Yeah. Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: that.Pete Taylor: Um yeah, fine. Any other questions,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um,Pete Taylor: guys?Hassaan Ahmad: that's pretty much all that we had. Anything else guys on your mind? No.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: P.Pete Taylor: Yeah, I've got Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Do you have  
00:15:06
 Pete Taylor: I've got couple of um technical questions on um on So,Hassaan Ahmad: sure?Pete Taylor: on Slack, uh it pings up with the the leads that have come in, right? I I just noticed that. Yeah. So, if you look at this Slack channel on Saturday 28th of March, there were two leads that came in on quick succession, there was this um MC at Entourage Global and then Andy Whitehead. Just on just I was just wondering why there is um a difference in what the the form gives you, you know, like one of them actually says like UTM source LinkedIn UTM medium payAdnan Khan: Yeah,Pete Taylor: schedule.Adnan Khan: I can I can talk about that. So,Pete Taylor: Yeah.Adnan Khan: usually what happens is when we do like a URL, so it'll have like a UTM string against it. So, UTM string is like it's just a way of identifying, okay, which campaign it is, it's just attribution. Is it on LinkedIn? Is it somewhere else? So, depending on that URL, when someone fills the when they come to our website, they just see the email field.  
00:16:15
 Adnan Khan: But what's happening in the background is there's actually five hidden fields that are getting populated. So if they use a particular link,Pete Taylor: Right.Adnan Khan: we just know that they use this link. So it'll fill in with things like campaign one, you know, post five, LinkedIn, whatever. But when people don't like if they don't come in through a UTM link, then those don't get populated.Pete Taylor: Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Gotcha. I just wondered if it was if if they Yeah, that was my thought is they must be clicking on different links andHassaan Ahmad: No. So it's it's also the way that UTM link is structured. Yeah. So there are some of your posts in which the UTM depth is not as much. Yeah. which is something that we fixed after but there's no point you going back and changing the links that you have already done so that's fine um so the links that you have now which I asked you to put you might remember some time ago are very very deep yeah so they capture every  
00:17:14
 Pete Taylor: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: single thing that we can capture so that we can then track which campaign it was what was the source which ad could I think we're capturing that if you're not we should which post they liked that's what I do for me so I can see you know which post is resonating but we can see that in the campaign manager anyway so that's moved as much data we get uh we can capture we try to do it because that then helps us optimize for the futurePete Taylor: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: My um my second question was on if we're getting uh like CEOs and founders, etc. click on the landing page for 90p a click. Are we then collecting their data in terms of like pixel sort of or the the LinkedIn whatever it's called? Yeah. Um are we how can we best utilize that like are we able to then start retargeting them or find other ways to collect find their data and target them other ways?Adeel Khan: So we so the plan here is going to be the bottom of funnel strategy is basically we're going to capture that data from the pixel and the conversion tracker and the algorithms they're going to like retarget them with the other set of ads.  
00:18:38
 Adeel Khan: Uh for the other thing, uh there's uh they're a bit hit and miss, but you can basically install a website identifier that can basically pick up some people, but it's hit and miss.Hassaan Ahmad: in the UK.Adeel Khan: It doesn't Oh, you Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: you can't do that here. uh some laws. UhHassaan Ahmad: Answer answer to your question is um we can't so we don't see their data.Adeel Khan: it'sHassaan Ahmad: We don't see who's coming in because that's blocked by regulation in Europe.Adeel Khan: Yeah, it'sHassaan Ahmad: Europe being f******Adeel Khan: hashed.Hassaan Ahmad: Europe. It doesn't let us see who's coming in. In the US we can um but the pixel knows so Google pixel is tracking it, LinkedIn pixel is tracking it and meta is tracking it.Pete Taylor: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: So they are building the profile of what a good person in termsPete Taylor: great.Hassaan Ahmad: of taking the right steps that we want looks like on all of those platforms. Once we have enough of that data, we can then go and retarget them.  
00:19:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: So right now, if you were to build a retargeting audience, because only 900 people have come in, there's no point running a campaign against that. That's very, very inefficient. Once that number is close to 3,000, 4,000, that's when we know that if we were to put an ad out there, they would see it and then they would have seen your post, they would see that ad as well, and they would start coming in. simultaneously we can start retargeting them on meta and so forth. But it's a volume stuff, a volume game, and we don't have enough volume as of this point. So, we've got to keep this going for at least a month. If the velocity continues, if we've got 900 people in 2 weeks, then we should have 4,000 people in 6 weeks. That then gives us enough to go after and start retargetingPete Taylor: Sweet.Hassaan Ahmad: them.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: Okay. On the thought leadership posts, which I love, they're f****** great, by the way. Um theveves, so I've noticed the next set is now like um I think it was called bottom of funnel or they're like and they're worded slightly differently.  
00:20:56
 Pete Taylor: Is is am I right now just to begin posting those every day or every otherAdeel Khan: Um,Pete Taylor: dayAdeel Khan: so yeah, don't like don't you can post them. Don't post them every day. Uh, are you done with the top of funnelPete Taylor: pretty much. There's about four left and there was a couple that I was like I might need to edit them slightlyAdeel Khan: ones?Pete Taylor: because they were kind of speaking pretty much to some of my current clients and I'm like I don't know whether they wouldAdeel Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: actually appreciate that. So that there was there there's probably like four or five that I haven't used.Adeel Khan: Okay. Um,Pete Taylor: All the ones I've used,Adeel Khan: wait.Pete Taylor: I put a green tick onAdeel Khan: Yeah,Pete Taylor: them.Adeel Khan: I saw that. Okay. So, the ones that are a bit more salesyish. They're different worded. Uh, those are mainly for ads like put them into the algorithm, get more people to book a call from.  
00:21:48
 Adeel Khan: So, don't post them daily. Like, we can do two a week and I'll work I'll work on getting you more top of funnel posts. You can add to it. That should bePete Taylor: Okay. Okay. Okay. Great. Fine. Fine. Um,Adeel Khan: fine.Pete Taylor: okay. That's all I had. I think that's all my Yeah, I didn't have anyHassaan Ahmad: All right, good stuff. So, Pete,Pete Taylor: questions.Hassaan Ahmad: the summary then is it's going great from our perspective. It's one of the best campaigns that we've ever ran. Like, it's going really good. So, thank you for being really involved in the process. the videos that you put up, the content that you're putting up, the pictures, all of that really helps. Um, we'll give we'll get you more posts to do in due course. So, you have that funnel ongoing. We'd continue looking at the data, see what it tells us, and as soon as we have the right volume, we'll start the bottom of funnel.  
00:22:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we're about two weeks out from it. Um yeah and we just want to see how the quality is. So that's the feedback that we need from you. I think we can do a next touch point maybe two weeks from now. Yeah. So to speak in 14 days and see how you've gone to um with the calls that you have.Pete Taylor: Okay. Yeah. One quick question actually.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Pete Taylor: I just thought about this. You know, on on the landing page, is it is there typical conversion rates that that what what what we're looking for from from someone landing on the page to booking a call?Hassaan Ahmad: ItAdeel Khan: Yeah, sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: varies.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Uh, it varies. Ideally from a cold audience, you expect like a 1 to 2%. Uh, like really fresh off the boat, really cold, but ideally like we have more higher standards, so we kind of aim to double that. Six, seven is an average we like to, but it depends.  
00:23:39
 Adeel Khan: Uh, there a lot of factors. call would be less, but once they start like seeing your post on a daily basis, right now we're kind of averaging out at five to six times for the 20% of people in that audience. So, the more they see it, the more you're going to be recognizable and obviously you require multiple touches. So, then it goes up. So, right now, I think it's not bad. I think uh I'm I just want to see if we get a 1 2% lift with the video or not or change it changing headlines. That's the test we want to see. If it works well, then we keep working on it and try to get to that five to six% range. And then once bottom of funnel comes in, then we I'm looking at a different rate kind like I personally kind of want to hit double digits, but we'll see if that happens.Pete Taylor: Yeah, I I believe it, man. We We'll get double digits.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Pete Taylor: Yeah.  
00:24:27
 Adeel Khan: Uh so like uh this is the first time I've ever seen that's going like a one pound CPC on LinkedIn. Like otherwise it's usually f****** expensive. So, I like I like where things areHassaan Ahmad: And this guy runs six figure budgets, Pete. So, I'm telling you,Adeel Khan: going.Hassaan Ahmad: my criteria is,Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: is this guy excited or not? He seems veryAdnan Khan: I think the reason both of these are excited is because they're seeing this on LinkedIn because LinkedIn is like 3xPete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: excited.Adnan Khan: 4x expensive than Meta.Pete Taylor: I've heardAdnan Khan: Because Meta you can get like these clicks easy but the traffic is just dirty.Adeel Khan: You you you won't evenAdnan Khan: It's not Yeah. I messedAdeel Khan: get a one pound CPC on metal to be honest these days. So, it's it's it's goodPete Taylor: I say I say another question chaps actually you know like the guys that areAdeel Khan: stuff.Pete Taylor: interacting like I'm getting guys that are liking my posts.  
00:25:18
 Pete Taylor: I can see there CEOs and founders. I'm getting guys that are commenting on my posts at CEOs and founders.Adeel Khan: Okay.Pete Taylor: Do you think I should outreach to these like add them, message them, or do you think that affects credibility?Adeel Khan: Doesn't affect my credit. I would I would personally reach out if it's a good fit. Ideally, what happens is uh they're more likely to answer because they see in your post. But it's a bit of a manual task. You might need to spend a couplePete Taylor: Okay.Adeel Khan: hoursHassaan Ahmad: So Pete here the answer is like most things it depends. Yeah. Use your best judgment. What works really well for me is when somebody has interacted with a couple of my posts. So they've just liked two or three of my posts. That's when I just go in, send them a connection request and just say, "Hey, thanks for, you know, liking my stuff. Just wanted to get in touch." Really easy, non- salesy, nothing.  
00:26:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: That gets me through the door. And then if they want to start a conversation, more often than not, they're the ones starting the conversation and just say, "Yeah, man. Loved your content." I'm like, "Great. What resonated with you?" And then you you start the conversation. I think if if somebody likes once and you reach out to them, that seems a bit needy. Yeah. and that's the opposite of what you want to come across. But if somebody's looking at your content and interacting with it, liking it two, three times, that's a good signal for you to just reach out to them.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you have a system in place to respond to comments,Pete Taylor: Okay. All right.Hassaan Ahmad: um,Pete Taylor: Solid.Hassaan Ahmad: follow up, etc., etc.? Sorry, Pete. I was asking, do you have a system in place to respond to comments, reach out to people? Do you do that yourself? Is that your VA?Pete Taylor: No, it's me. Yeah, she does. She's um she doesn't have access to my LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Cool.Pete Taylor: So, every reply to all the comments,Hassaan Ahmad: Good stuff.Pete Taylor: there's me doing that.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the best way of doing it.Pete Taylor: Yeah. Well, thing is it's worth it, right? Builds a brand, builds a profile.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah. So, yeah.  
Transcription ended after 00:28:25

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
