---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Jeff Stacey – 2025/08/07 22:27 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:38:35.830Z
meeting_date: 2025-08-07T22:08:49.707Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Jeff Stacey - Transcript
00:00:00
 Jeff Stacey: Hello, Hassan.Hassaan Ahmad: Hi Jeff. How's it going?Jeff Stacey: Good. Thanks for making some time.Hassaan Ahmad: Thank you for booking some time. There's a little bit of a flicker on your camera. I'm not sure if that's on your side.Jeff Stacey: This is weird. I was noticing that as I was getting the preview. So, it's like a scene from a horror movie or something, isn't it?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. All that's missing is the music.Jeff Stacey: That's really horrible. That's I don't know what to do about it. That's strange.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you want to hop off and hop back on or All right.Jeff Stacey: Oh god, it's still there. Well, I'm gonna go off camera because it's going to drive you nuts. It's not fair. Yeah. To to you. So, let me uh figure out how to go off camera here.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Jeff Stacey: All right. You know what I look like anyway. So, nice to meet you.  
00:02:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: It's great to meet you as well, Jeff. How's the day going so far?Jeff Stacey: Oh, it's it's Manic. But I I want to at least get this conversation started with you guys. It's it's an interesting proposition you guys have. Um, so you guys even help write out the demo script, uh, some of the outreach. So you guys are kind of soup the nuts type of, um, all the way to getting somebody to, I guess, subscribe to the to the SAS booking.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Jeff Stacey: Absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: That's cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So look, my my specialty or my experience over the past 15 years has been selling B2B SAS um along with advisory data analytics, everything that comes with it, right? And I've gotten pretty good at figuring out the pitch and the and the talk track and the value proposition that gets people to take actions, right?Jeff Stacey: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Obviously, you're selling to major enterprise. You have to go through a certain process in order to come to the business case.  
00:03:41
 Jeff Stacey: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: You have to get in the head of the of the economic buyer and, you know, really hit the points that mean to them. And so because I've done that, you know, I just felt that, you know, this is something that um that was a crucial missing piece when it comes to scaling early stage companies.Jeff Stacey: It is it's a it's a jigsaw puzzle to put it all together. And I I'm actually a very experienced enterprise salesperson and it's very different to run a process to roll something up into an ELA versus the land and expand. And um yeah, I'd say two things that are really really hard right now I think that are that don't go together that I rarely find people have both is the productled growth playbook. That's a whole piece in itself that goes marketing all the way through in and it has to be interwoven into the product. So, I'd love for you to talk about that, how you might even be able to put hooks into our product or how we'd put your hooks into it to make sure that we're upselling.  
00:04:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: Huh?Jeff Stacey: But the the second is really just the whole land and expand uh getting that initial booking so the first person can even productled growth, which I guess I I said that in reverse order, but just getting those first subscribers. I'm assuming you guys could get someone to potentially download and then take a discovery call with them or would you only do a demo and get them to subscribe? What What's your typical playbook?Hassaan Ahmad: Um, honestly depends on the product, right? So, why don't we take a step back?Jeff Stacey: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Why don't you tell me about your product and what is it that you're trying to accomplish and then we can we can work our way back from it and strategize.Jeff Stacey: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Does that sound okay?Jeff Stacey: Yes. And so I'll apologize for the bifurcation in advance. We are actually a venture studio and we have two different portfolio companies that I think might be interesting to talk about. The first is probably going to be much more recognizable um animal.  
00:05:43
 Jeff Stacey: We have a a you would look at it as a consumer as a plug-in to your Salesforce and it does Salesforce AI powered nurturing and AI powered business development and sales. So we've got really three different plugins. You know, it can do uh but that in of itself is from our work in doing highly customized integrations with customers. So Hassan that um I think the biggest challenge we're going to have in that area is the fact that almost everybody out there is selling kind of garbage LLMs that aren't very accurate.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Jeff Stacey: We integrate in someone's voicemail, the emails from their customers, a wide variety of data sources. So, this is going to take a demo to show a customer why this isn't just another LLM. So, that's in of itself. It is a SAS play. It's something we could still land and expand on an individual salesperson because they might like to try it out and then expand to 10 and 100 people. But there is a little bit of education there to show them this is different than just a bot you're going to buy off the shelf.  
00:07:04
 Jeff Stacey: This will actually learn based on your process. This will integrate in voicemail, voice intelligence, customers emails. It will get smarter over time. This is a um this is what you wanted from Agent Force, but it doesn't do it. This is the number one use case we're seeing among hundreds of com portfolio companies and in private equity companies right now. So that is the one that I think is probably the most interesting for us to talk to you about um because that is something that we would have to spin up our own team. The other company we have is is a much more advanced AI product that developers would use to create LLMs and I think that would be probably even more educational. So that's why I just want to in respect for your time, do you guys have the ability to educate your customer a little bit of why this is a superior AI or is this, you know, is that not a good fit for what you guys do?Hassaan Ahmad: um great question and actually the products look super interesting.  
00:08:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: So I personally want to take a demo to the u to the first one that you mentioned.Jeff Stacey: Oh, you're talking about syndicate AI? Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, so Jeff, my approach or our approach is is slightly different, right? So, you're absolutely right. For any customer, for any for any technical product, especially the ones like this, it always takes a lot well a little bit to a lot of education to make this happen. And as you were talking about it, in my mind, I was just trying to think about the ICPS and the hurdles that, you know, we're going to run into.Jeff Stacey: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So ICP is pretty simple, right? It could be individual individual seller. But where it gets interesting is when you start talking to the revops guys or you know head of GTM in big companies, right?Jeff Stacey: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But then you have to start jumping through the hoops of compliance, you know, data integrity, privacy, etc., etc. So I was just trying to make that in my head, right?  
00:09:03
 Jeff Stacey: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: And the way to overcome all of those objections and kind of get a champion to steamroll the the solution in is to think about why something like that even makes sense, right?Jeff Stacey: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: And that is my approach. So I don't really talk about the product, right? the product is great, but in order to get to a point where somebody's interested enough to look at it, you have to start thinking about their workflow and the problems that they're trying to solve and and why something like this could be helpful. So, the starting point for me is not going to be the product. It's going to be okay for an individual seller, what are they trying to do, right? They're trying to increase the quality of their outbound. They're trying to do more personalization. and they're trying to cut through the noise, etc., etc., right? Current tools fail because it's pseudo personalization. It doesn't really work. They need something like that.Jeff Stacey: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: Right?  
00:10:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: You could whip it up and you could come up with some messaging for the rev ops or GTM teams as well where you know the whole play becomes, hey, you're getting more productivity out of each rep because you're effectively cloning them, right? And you're that's what you're doing.Jeff Stacey: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So that's the play right and then we get people interested and when they're interested and they ask well okay tell me more that is when your team could come in and the education piece starts right so the education doesn't start at the top education will start once somebody's interested that's at least what my approach is keen to hear your thoughtsJeff Stacey: Okay. And I think that could work because let me just tell what our default world is here. our our biggest influence is that I have a great relationship with private equity firms and their companies are all between 100 billion to 1 billion and I have conversations with them about Fortnitely.Hassaan Ahmad: H. What?Jeff Stacey: Every one of these portfolio companies they show me they'll show me a spreadsheet of two dozen of their portfolio companies that they own 100%.  
00:11:16
 Jeff Stacey: And that you know they could force things down their throat but they're like a benevolent dictator. They own them. And the VP of sales at every one of these companies, 80% of the time, the top three use cases are, I need AI outreach, I need AI nurturing, I need AI sales process and Salesforce, agent force does not actually work. Either it is ridiculously expensive to use out of the box or to fit it to my process, it doesn't work.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Jeff Stacey: And we have, you know what, we have a jailbroken alternative to this that's been proven many times over. That being said, my sales process is like three big hops here. Hassan, am I saying your name right? Is it Hassan?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: Okay. So, Hassan, I have to go to the private equity partners, talk to them about their portfolio, which is great.Hassaan Ahmad: Ready?Jeff Stacey: I mean, that's tremendous influence. They'll plug me in with the CEO and the VP of sales. Then, I'm talking about their problem.  
00:12:15
 Jeff Stacey: This whole goddamn process takes about six to nine months. It's painful. Um that that is still great. When I'm doing transformation, I really really want to take this app that we have and even if it's watered down a little bit to be able to make it a land and expand. And I'll just tell you why, you know, we're we're interested in this so much. Um you're familiar with a company called Tableau Software, right? You've seen their stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: They earth they they shook the entire business intelligence industry which was I mean it was actually the largest sector in enterprise software for a while. I was at SAP we had we had the majority market share. We all laughed at them and said oh this will never catch on this little plugin sold to individuals. Well it turned out they they manifested a BI market that was 10 times larger than the one we were selling through it because they could land and expand.Hassaan Ahmad: Huh.Jeff Stacey: They nailed it.  
00:13:10
 Jeff Stacey: That is really interesting to me. Not and they weren't even truly a SAS company, which is the crazy thing, but they got that right. They didn't even really nail productled growth perfectly, but they proved that getting the download um started was very, very powerful for them to kind of get that creep. Next thing you know, three people are using it, a small team is using it. And when somebody wanted to, you know, buy a discounted license or get an extension on their, you know, 15-day or 45day trial, they have to talk to somebody. Is that something that you guys can do as well or is it really around talking to somebody about their pains and getting them to the next step?Hassaan Ahmad: do you mean running the sales process?Jeff Stacey: running a little bit more of the land and expand you know type of u process because that's a you know a very specific playbook um that land and expand and also product led grow. Do you help people with that or is it really still handtohand combat with the person first before they're using the product?  
00:14:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: We do actually and we're we're in the process of launching uh what we hope is going to be a category definer today. So absolutely look um again I think the starting point is still the pain right starting point is still you need to you need to get somebody to act on a CTAJeff Stacey: Oh, I I'll tell you the phrase that gets everybody's attention. Salespeople who are truly using AI tools are twice as likely to hit quota. Every VP of sales listens to that. Every CEO listens to that. Every salesperson listens to that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: The devil's in the details that most of the sales people out there have tried it and they're not getting them to work. And that's we we can get the conversations going with them.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: It would be way way better if we already had a Trojan horse in. So I'm actually, you know, hoping that you guys might be able to do both.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. No, absolutely. We could do that, right?  
00:15:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: And the way we would then target is um Yeah. So, a sort of a BTOC motion to get people get individual sellers to download and then I'm guessing well, you know, you sound like you're very technically adept.Jeff Stacey: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So we would then need to build up Yeah.Jeff Stacey: We haveHassaan Ahmad: So we would build up a system in the back end which would tell us that okay for this domain this is the number of login or this is the number of accounts we have and actually I was listening to a podcast by the COO of Canva and that's exactly how they're starting their big like you know$und00 million conversations where they're going to a CPO and they're saying hey do you know that you've got 3,000 people inJeff Stacey: Oh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: your company using Canva and the CPO just loses their s*** because that's something that they want to handle. on and I think that's the play here. So yeah, absolutely the way CPO so chief uh product officers or chief program officers.Jeff Stacey: When you say CPA, you do you talking about like the uh which officer in the company?  
00:16:18
 Jeff Stacey: Oh, product officer.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So the way we would run this for you um if the land expand motion is the preferred way to go is that we would set it up as a B2C motion first, right? We target individual sellers.Jeff Stacey: interesting.Hassaan Ahmad: We would target the individual pain. Um and actually we can do it in two ways.Jeff Stacey: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So we can decide what the appropriate level would be, right? So it's either going to be the seller level or one level up, right? The VP of sales or the director of sales. I think the seller is going to be more effective.Jeff Stacey: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: How you pricing it though?Jeff Stacey: I mean, as it sits right now, we've been selling it, you know, on a uh private cloud basis. So, we start people at 10K a month, and we've been selling this as an AI model. This is absolutely not the way we should be doing this. We should be figuring out a way to let salespeople buy this as pain as possible and roll this up into an ELA because we can make we can make these agents very coste effective until the engineering gets involved.  
00:17:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: Let me just say it that way. And then once we have them hooked, there's some level of lift, you know, as the marketers say that they can see on this, then we could get the VP of sales and the CEO to cut the check to make this more accurate. That's the playbook here. Um, the bad news is, Assan is there's a lot of people out there making noise that they've got AI agents, as you know.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: Um, but it would be very interesting if we market ourselves as an agent force alternative and that you know that this could be your your own co-pilot that nobody can stop you because for the most part 90% of sales people I'm talking to out there even though they can't distinguish between an assistant and a co-pilot and an agent and a reasoning model doesn't really matter. Most of them are still just popping stuff into chat GPT and they're just freewheeling everywhere.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: And this is this is the CIO's nightmare. If we at least have this contained to be a plug-in that could lead to a private model, at least we can make the CIO our friend again.  
00:18:21
 Jeff Stacey: Otherwise, we're shadow it and we're, you know, we're an antibbody.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Jeff Stacey: So that's Then you know ultimately they we have to run this as a co-pilot that you know is um extractingHassaan Ahmad: Does that integrate into the into Salesforce? And if it does, what happens if there's SSO?Jeff Stacey: internally. Yeah, the SSO is our biggest barrier to entry and that's also why uh we've taken the top down approach as honest that that's and this is not an accident right now that you're hearing that people like Salesforce they'reHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: starting to throttle their data they know that other AI models want that data that is the most valuable data on earth but um you know this is you know we're talking about a you know a little pivot inHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: in the uh uh in the product here because we would effectively We need like the Grammarly type uh floating agent and um this is if you guys have the playbook for that. Yeah, we're definitely technically savvy, but you'd be surprised.  
00:19:30
 Jeff Stacey: Sometimes my guys are too smart. You know, they they do data science, but sometimes they miss the obvious in things like basic marketing metrics. So, I want to be fair with you there. If you guys have playbook on, you know, how we roll the um how we track success and then start a sales motion on a customer that's activated, that's going to be pretty key because that's how Tableau and AlterX and those guys really really flourished is, you know, like Alterix, if if you've heard their name before, they would wait until there was like 11 people and then they would send in, you know, an enterprise salesperson to push this into an ELA. But Tableau, it was like really basic BDRs could just ask somebody, hey, I'll give you two more licenses if you'll tell me what project you're working on there. And you know, they would do kind of this quid proquo thing to to start building it out. But right now, we have we have no way to land and expand.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Now, there's there's a couple of ways to do that, right?  
00:20:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: you could. Um, so that's certainly one way where you give two more licenses or whatever.Jeff Stacey: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The best thing that I've seen work is literally just saying you get one month off for every person you invite.Jeff Stacey: Yeah, love that.Hassaan Ahmad: And that's how you know it it snowballs because what you're building is an army of champions and an army of, you know, your fans who are just telling people, hey, use this. you know, this is something you should be spending $50 on because, you know, it works for me.Jeff Stacey: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And once you get that going, then you get to that critical mass really quickly. I don't off the top of my head have a number on, you know, what's the perfect number to target somebody um target an account once you have that number in. But I I I imagine it's going to be different for various companies, right? for SAS this is critical right for for companies this side of the pond where you know I am so Europe this is going to be critical because you run into GDPR and you run into those issues really quickly and an enterprise leader is going to want insight into that right on your side it's it's a big cost and compliance play right every every CIO every VP of sales they want to make sure that you know their  
00:21:38
 Jeff Stacey: Nice. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: sellers are not running loose But they're still delivering above market returns and above market productivity and that's what it is, right? So yeah, look the the the playbook certainly exists. The way I would approach this is we would start a B2C conversation. We would set up a B2C campaign, target the target individual sellers.Jeff Stacey: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We can make a call on which platform it would be. Right? My approach is going to be paid advertisement, right? We would come up with a messaging. We would validate that messaging with our own money in the first kind of one month or two, right? Make sure that that gets people going. And once that's validated, we can feed that customer acquisition data back to you and tell you that, you know, it cost you 10 quid to get a customer or $10 to get a customer.Jeff Stacey: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We raise you $50, right? So Jeff, what's the runway here? Right? Are we going to spend three grand, four grand, five grand, six grand, whatever we can spend, right?  
00:22:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: If you have the money, that's great. But if you don't have the money, that's the kind of metrics you need to take to an investor and say, "Hey, give me 100k. I'm going to, you know, I'm going to extrapolate and I'm going to get you this much revenue." So, so we could do that and once we're in, we can troen horse our way into higher and higher levels within the organization.Jeff Stacey: The LTV here is going to be amazing. The if we can get the customer acquisition cost, I mean the that is something that looks like a BTOC acquisition cost the I mean the LTV on this and the value perception is unbelievable. Um, and for for a salesperson to hit quota, I mean, there's just there's almost isn't a bigger pain, especially among these mid-market companies that are about to get sold right now. Nothing is more important than topline revenue.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Jeff Stacey: It's the multiple by which they're going to get sold to the next PE firm because PE firms flip these companies every 5 to seven years.  
00:23:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: And a lot of them can't be sold right now because they they've been AI disrupted. And this is the number one use case in these areas.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: So, we've got an engine that's very appropriate for them to actually take it to production, but it's in some ways we really have to dumb this down a little bit and then out compete some of the noise. That's going to be our biggest issue is the noise around agents that's happening right now, Hassan. But this use case is still really useful. I guess my my biggest question I think to you guys is going to be around the we have not actually built out that piece of our app. It's not going to be rocket science. It's effectively going to be a Grammarly plugin, but you guys would be able to drive the um the campaign to get a certain number of people to download and try it and figure out what that CAC is for those those users.Hassaan Ahmad: Correct. Yeah. So that's what we're doing with the other person that I mentioned.  
00:24:53
 Jeff Stacey: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: or so he was trying to launch today but there was some issues so I think he's going to launch tomorrow now um but three weeks prior to that we ran a waiting list so we actually got people joinJeff Stacey: Oh, that was that was one of my follow-up questions to you is that some of the stuff we're doing is really exciting, especially the second portfolio company, which we probably won't have time to get into today.Hassaan Ahmad: the waiting list before the product was even readyJeff Stacey: It it solves the number one cause of AI failure. And we know the weight list that we could build on this would be amazing. But we would need a partner that could actually execute on this and help us set up the weight list. But I mean that in itself could probably drive enough excitement to get that company funded um in of its own.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, because we're talking about the chefs. How useful for time do you have?Jeff Stacey: I unfortunately I do have a hard stop. I hate to do this because I it's really nice to talk to somebody who has you know the full McGill on this.  
00:25:56
 Jeff Stacey: I would love to understand you know what an engagement model would look like for a pre-sale and I'm glad you brought that up. Um, if you could give me a just a rough idea what you would do, how many weeks we would engage in like, you know, a pre-sale weight list and then I think you're telling me that it would probably take three or four weeks to get ground truth on what customer acquisition cost look like and then we would throttle Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Correct. Yeah. So, so really quickly, Jeff, what we're going to do is um we'll spend the first couple of weeks, maybe three weeks, trying to understand your product, understand the market, and come up with messaging, right? We'll set up uh a Figma board and we will actually if I can do this with you right now. Um I can't yeah let me show this to you and then you know I'd love to take a look at your product as well.Jeff Stacey: I was going to show you one of our products that we have in in prototype as well.  
00:26:49
 Jeff Stacey: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So basically from everything that we learn we'll come down to this is the product we're trying to launch today right?Jeff Stacey: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: So we'll make the landing page before today.Jeff Stacey: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: This button says or said join the waiting list.Jeff Stacey: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's everything, right? So it's it's telling you what the product does, but as you go deeper, you know, it's not talking about the product. It's talking about the pain, right? And that's going to be the approach with that.Jeff Stacey: Brilliant.Hassaan Ahmad: What we have come up with is, and I don't have time to get into this today, but with that, what we've done is we have created some userenerated content.Jeff Stacey: Hey,Hassaan Ahmad: So we paid so we got videos made, we got creatives made and so forth, which we then used to get people to join the waiting list. Now that the product is live, we're going out with the new campaigns. We ran the waiting list for four four-ish weeks to give us a sense of, you know, what people were responding to and that is actually going to help us bring our cost of acquisition lower when we move into a conversion campaign.  
00:27:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: So now we're going to run the conversion campaign for well we've got a pretty decent budget I think and the client is pretty happy.Jeff Stacey: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: So he's given us8 £8,000 to run for the first couple of months but that's off the back of the the work that we so that gives us enough and and we we're going to target a 1.6 to 1.8Jeff Stacey: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: x um return on ad spend. So we're holding sorry uh well typically when you launch a new campaign you don't see much in the first um couple of weeks because the algorithm needs to learn and everything.Jeff Stacey: In what per time Hassan is that return? What time? How long is that payback period in that case? Just out of curiosity. No. So I meant like payback period in ROI. like if a customer acquisition cost, let's say I sh I told an investor, hey, let's let's use, you know, 50 of that 100k to go and acquire customers. Um, really outstanding SAS companies I've seen, you know, get under a year.  
00:28:59
 Jeff Stacey: I've even seen some with six months. That's exciting stuff for me to tell investors. I'm just curious what you think is realistic in inHassaan Ahmad: So look, our target is going to be 1.6, right? 1.6 6 means that every $1 you spend, you're hoping to make 1.6, right? But you get to 1.6 at around week or sorry, month three mark. So after two months of running campaign, 1.6 is where if your product is good, right? And it's getting traction, 1.6 is where you land, right? So I think the payback is going to be four to six months.Jeff Stacey: That's great.Hassaan Ahmad: Every product is different though, right? With your product, as you've correctly identified, one, there's too much noise. So, we'd have to come up with messaging that really cuts through.Jeff Stacey: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It would need a bit of iteration to figure out exactly what people are caring about, right? And then um it is going to be about getting through those hurdles, right? Because I can see this I can see corporate security getting a bit finicky about this, right?  
00:30:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, we'll have to Yeah.Jeff Stacey: Yeah. And I hate to say I hate to kick the can down the road because I'm sewing from the other direction and that is a very very difficult problem. Ask me how I know. Um that requires sponsorship.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: But I really think that our biggest issue right now is we are enterprise sales guys. We are enterprise software guys that tend to overthink the land and expand piece.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: And that you understand that the the the first product that I was describing to you Hassan which is just call it you know let's just call it you know an agent force alternative that on its own is aHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: very superior product. I know actually several different um cell tech companies that are partnering with us because they want our engine. They want to plug us into their piece. So we may actually have partnerships and other people to go through. I think we'll solve for that.Hassaan Ahmad: Could you zoom in?  
00:30:57
 Jeff Stacey: I I want to shift gears for one minute here. I'm going to be five minutes late for my other meeting here because I want to just show you what effectively um you know this is we we Yeah. So what this product actually is Neuroweave. Let me just zoom in here a little bit. This is it's a very weird way to describe this but this is almost like a palunteer for salespeople. Uh we will crawl the company's data for data features that will enhance AI's ability to perform any of its AI capabilities. In the sales scenario, we will crawl voicemails. We'll crawl additional emails. I mean a this is the actual engine b be behind what I just described those three models that I was describing that would outreach nurture and sell.Hassaan Ahmad: Um,Jeff Stacey: This is the engine that will pour through even pabytes of data. This technology came from our our work in the DoD. I mean this we work in um in anti-moneyaundering and we pour through pabytes of data and we create features that supercharge AI models.  
00:32:07
 Jeff Stacey: This is the really hard stuff in AI. And you put a few drinks in a data scientist, he'll tell you that 80% of the his problems are data related. Getting the right data, getting it the right shape, keeping it fresh, and having those features that drive this. This is not for the average bear, but any full stack AI developer or data scientist is will absolutely freak out this stuff. I mean this is a very very powerful tool that even project managers and AI development teams they know that this is 80% of the reason why they fail and there's hard data behind this. Um this would be a very different kind of campaign how we would run this and we're even you know contemplating open sourcing part of this. uh but we've been putting out our interface around this technology which we've been incubating and keep in mind you know we're a venture studio so we're trying to get these funded we have customers but they're all consulting driven so I'll be very honest with you they're consulting driven now but a wait list around something like this would be very exciting if we put this into the right um AI developer and data scientists and you know AI project communities um this could be a fun one if we actually got this one um right on this and we have some very strong partnerships with AI technology companies that would drive this as well if you guys are  
00:33:36
 Jeff Stacey: keen on setting up um you know kind of pre-sale campaigns as well and weight lists. So I I thought I should at least show that to you before I I drop this is the backend engine to those three agents that I just described to you. I hope that's helpful.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I don't know if you can tell, but this is my excited face. This is Yeah.Jeff Stacey: I wasn't actually looking at the screen. You're like, but you understand that problem. Oh, I got the fun infinity mirror here. But um you understand the problem is everybody's inspired by the fact that AI agents can take marketing actions for them. Super disappointed and frustrated at the level of accuracy with them.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Yeah.Jeff Stacey: and they know that they're sitting on really obvious other pieces of data, but to be able to put that into Salesforce, um, Salesforce is a walled garden and your alternative is to go to it and then the geeks, you know, sneer their noses at you and the snot-nosed guys tell you that'll be six months and $600,000 to make you your own custom model.  
00:34:37
 Jeff Stacey: This, you know, there's got to be a a better approach in the middle. And and we've been building this from mid-market for exactly that reason.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: So, I hate to do this, but I I would love to pick up this conversation if you could kind of outline for me what should we think about for, you know, a weight list pre-sale campaign.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jeff Stacey: We could get people very excited around videos. Um, even we may even be able to do clickable demos in some of these areas if we had to. You're the expert on this. Um, I'd love for you to come back to me and say, "What would you do if you were us? That'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Look, let's get some time in next week. Back end of next week would look better for me. What's your timeline on this, Jeff?Jeff Stacey: great. Uh oh, it's always yesterday and I'm glad we talked because, you know, in respect for your time, you know, I'm Oh, I'm going to give you one more high here with my, you know, horror red flashing vision.  
00:35:32
 Jeff Stacey: But, uh, the, uh, sorry, it's so annoying. I'll have to turn that off. Um, we are in investor conversations now. So, no moment is too soon.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Jeff Stacey: Any weight list we could show on this would be impactful and consequential on our valuation and our terms. So this absolutely matters, but we want to I want to respect your time on that. You understand where we're at. I'm glad we talked because I was thinking that oh we have to be like GA shipping for us to start a conversation. And um because I'm a salesperson as well, I try to respect your time and I I almost didn't take the call today because I thought, "Oh, I don't want to waste their time yet." But I see what you do now.Hassaan Ahmad: Now I'm really glad we spoke Jeff. So let's try to speak. Um so I'm I'm kicking off another client start of the week which is why my availability is bit constrained but Thursday the 14th if we could schedule some time then.  
00:36:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: And what I would do is exactly what you said, right? So come up with some ideas on, you know, what to do. Share some timeline, give you an idea of the cost it might be, right? Realistically, I think we're talking a month, well, a month and a half before we can see any sort of a good weight list, right? But that's just how long the process would take. And I would much rather we do this, right? Because once we start doing this, right, you're going to be in a position of strength with the investors, right? Um, and that's that that would be the goal for me.Jeff Stacey: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, let's do that. Does that work? The 14th.Jeff Stacey: You know what? You could you could grab the exact same time next Thursday if that suits you.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Could we do a bit earlier?Jeff Stacey: I think so. Let me look at the 14th there. And yeah, that's fine.  
00:37:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: It's just 10:30 my time and I want to do that bit.Jeff Stacey: Oh jeez, I forgot. I'm so sorry. I forgot your hours ahead. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: No worries at all. I open my calendar for this time.Jeff Stacey: Next.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you're not your Easter.Jeff Stacey: Yeah. I mean, honestly, you could do It's three right now. You could do even five hours earlier. That uh I'm pretty much free at 10:00 a.m. my time. Are you plus eight from me? I'm I'm West Coast.Hassaan Ahmad: West Coast.Jeff Stacey: So, yeah, that's great timing.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, I'll figure something out. Uh, but yeah, maybe. Yeah, let me let me shoot across some slots. I think I'm free after 5:00 p. my time or 12:00 a.m. 12:00 p.m. Eastern. So, we could do anything after that.Jeff Stacey: Yeah, in fact, yeah, just start propose something there. I'm totally free. I'm almost totally free.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. All right. Leave that with me, Jeff. I'll drop something into your calendar and then we can move it around. Okay.  
Transcription ended after 00:38:30

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
