---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Earth Rating x Remotir – 2025/08/12 15:58 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:38:31.975Z
meeting_date: 2025-08-12T15:33:05.770Z
---


Earth Rating x Remotir - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hi, Tess.Tish Lord: Hello. How you doing?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm good. How are you?Tish Lord: Yeah, good, thanks. I'm just hoping um Martin's not so slow down. He hasn't tried to reschedu, has he? I'll just see. Waiting for you on the call. Sorry, I'm just going to give him a text.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, no worries.Tish Lord: He's on a deadline. I'm just going to give him a quick call if it might be better.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Tish Lord: Hi. Hi. I'm on the call. I totally forgot about it. I'm just f****** Are you behind? Okay. Why don't we Why don't we just say let's do it next week when it's handed in. Okay. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. Fine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Bye. I'm so sorry. Um he's going to join. Um it's just he's on a deadline to do a risk assessment analysis.  
00:03:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Tish Lord: Um so he's got to join in 5 minutes. So um sorry I can't remember where we got up to.Hassaan Ahmad: Hello.Tish Lord: He asked for some references or something like that. I can't remember.Hassaan Ahmad: Correct. Yeah. And I mentioned that, you know, um so this is well, we've only been been in business with this for about six months, right? There's two customers who could talk to the whole B2B um thing from start to results, right? I've asked both of them. One has agreed and he just wants to wait a couple of weeks simply because he's launching a new product right now and he's uh he's quite time constrained.Tish Lord: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, um, so I proposed that while we're waiting for him, what we could potentially do is get started on the what we call the foundation phase, right?Tish Lord: Oh, sorry. I can't hear you. Is that me or you?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So I propose that you know while we're um while we're waiting what we could do is potentially get started on the foundation piece where you know we could deliver the messaging we could deliver basically set everything up get  
00:04:45
 Tish Lord: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: you to a position where you're either ready to um take that to the customers yourselves or you know you have seen enough from us that you know you want to you want us to execute on the campaigns and get you those uh 10 partners as well. So it's it's either or, right? Um I believe today's Martin wanted to discuss that today and see you know how that could that what that could look like.Tish Lord: and and and what are you saying costwise? It all comes down to money because we you know we are startup and we're that's what we're doing the sort of innovation loan grants etc. Um and obviously you know you're a startup officially as well really you know you've got two customers so we would need to you know some negotiation there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, makes sense. Let me quickly show you my screen. Um, what I want because I don't think we got to this in the last meeting.Tish Lord: Yeah sure.Hassaan Ahmad: So this is the entire offer right and this is the way we work.  
00:05:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: So we approach all of our um engagements in three phases right so it's foundation validation acceleration right so in the foundation phase where we're working with very early state startups is we deliver highly um highly impactful very well articulated level articulated messaging for the core persona the reason why we start there is because in my experience of studying for last 15 years. If you get your messaging right, you get the right people to take your calls, which means that the conversations are more impactful, the conversions much better and the business case is much more, you know, it's it's not aspirational. It's actually grounded in reality and it moves things faster.Tish Lord: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So the foundation phase which lasts about three to four weeks, you get the messaging, you get the landing page, you get your ad creatives. It's everything that you need to then go into the market and start getting those customers and start getting those um those first conversations started.Tish Lord: This This placeHassaan Ahmad: the validation phase. What we do then is we take that everything that we've developed and we invest our own money into validating that into the market.  
00:07:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? So what that means is we would launch your first campaigns without any additional investment from you. Right? So effectively we're taking the retainers from you and we're investing that back into into the market. And the reason we do that is one to quickly calibrate all the messaging, see what's landing, see what's working, see what's not working and change that. Number two, it allows us to understand what the customer acquisitions look like. Right? So, how much does it cost to get us a meeting? Uh what is the cost per opportunity? How quickly that moves through the funnel? Who we are getting things with? Etc., etc. Um, let me see if I can. Hey, Martin.Martin Johnston: Hi, sorry I'm just so over over capacity in terms of what I can do.Hassaan Ahmad: No worries. I hope you don't mind. Um, we got started without you and I was just talking through our typical approach.Martin Johnston: Yeah. Cool. What would be great is if you you just went if you went to Huh.  
00:08:27
 Tish Lord: H. Oh, I've got my head.Hassaan Ahmad: There's a bit of feedback from Tish side. So,Martin Johnston: Oh, there's loads of noise in there, but but I can't hear.Tish Lord: Is it my head? I've put my headphones on.Martin Johnston: I can hear everybody in that building.Tish Lord: Okay, let me just unmute myself. Hold on. Why did I do that? Oh god.Martin Johnston: It's only for me because I've just um Hassan, just to let you know, I've I'm right up against it because I got a deadline to get this Grantifi application in. Can you go through this with Tish and then set up another time with me for later in the week when I've got this deadline's done?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, yeah, sure. What would you like to cover when we speak?Martin Johnston: Uh probably just go over what you're going over with Tish, but she'll give me some lowdown. You can send me a video if you like of the recording of the call.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you have five minutes?  
00:09:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: Would you spend five minutes today?Martin Johnston: I don't think you understand. Like I've got I'm writing a risk register. I've got a five:00 deadline. I've got to get it in as Grantifi. I spent six months doing it. Um, this is the form I've just filled in. Yeah, I I I I would um but I can't.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Martin Johnston: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. No worries. That's fine.Martin Johnston: Yeah. And and and but having a call with you would be really taking my mind off it and be very helpful to me and more more exciting than what I'm currently doing. Um so, uh we can either delay it and do it all again in a few in a week in towards the end of the week or just let me get this done because the deadline's tomorrow by 12.Hassaan Ahmad: That's fine. Let's T Stitch and I get through it today. Right. And then we can make a call. Well, Tish can make a call on if it makes sense to have another one.  
00:10:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: That was Sorry, I volunteered you there.Tish Lord: Mom mute.Hassaan Ahmad: Does that work?Tish Lord: Yeah. No, that's fine. Let Let me Let me um Yeah. And I'll put my thing on mute. I don't know why it's feeding back.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it wasn't that bad for me. So, I'm perfectly okay. But thank you for doing that. Okay. So, yeah. So, I was saying um validation phases where we take everything that we've developed, invest our own money and time into this, right? typically run this for about eight eight weeks and typically we invest about two grand or 2,000 pounds into this, right? Because that is what typically gives us the baseline to then come to you and say, "Hey, Earth rating. Um, we have tested your messaging, right? Your messaging has been seen by this many people. It has generated this many meetings, right? And now you have this real time validated very grounded metrics for you to then make a call on all right well this messaging works and now this is what we want to run with right where we've done this it has helped shorten the message validation cycle considerably right so for the two customers that I was talking about um now they know exactly how much does it cost them to to get a customer right we're at 1.5  
00:11:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: with one of them 1 point we're going to target 1.6 with another one. We're just coming out of the 8 weeks mark here. 1.5 to 1.8 means that for every one pound $1 that you spend, you're generating 1.8 in revenue. You can predict that 1.8 in revenue is going to come based on the whole maths there, right? And that 1.8 eight or that number is based on this kind of math where last time we spoke you mentioned that you want to you're targeting 10 design partners, right? And of those design partners, you want you you want to sell them or you expect to sell them between five and 10 grand each, right? Does that still hold true?Tish Lord: Yeah, that's correct. And I think I was saying to Martin, I think we probably would have more design partners because of and I don't know, this is such a cost because I mean, we've got our first one who's in construction, but maybe it'd be good to have two, you know, in the same industry just to see the difference.  
00:12:20
 Tish Lord: That's my my thoughts on it. So, it's out it's out there still, but 10 would be the minimum, you know.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. So that that makes sense, right? So 10 design partners at 10,000 each, right? We're talking about 100,000 revenue over the next kind of six months, right? So the way typical go to market acquisition math would work is that you would expect between one well one out of two or one out of three meetings that you have initial meetings to convert into an opportunity right an opportunity is something where the budget is established the needs established the timing is there and the person you're talking to has the authority to climb right so this is the result that we typically deliver because of all the work that we do. So one in every two meetings will convert to an opportunity and then of the opportunities that you have one in every two or one in every three tends to close, right? Which means that in order for you to get 10 deals closed in the next six months, you need to have 20 qualified opportunities.  
00:13:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: And those 20 qualified opportunities mean you need to have or target at least 40 meetings in order to be reliably predictably closing that number. Right? If you miss that number, it has been my experience over the past 15 years that that 100k becomes really difficult. Now, of course, you could land one client for 100k, right? And that changes things completely, but in order to have predictability, this is the math that has to that has to hold true. And that's what we would work towards.Tish Lord: Um, so can I ask you a question? So, um, we wouldn't I mean it's going to be 10 10 to 5,000 design partners. It won't be anymore. They won't get us anymore. I don't doubt it as a design partner.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Tish Lord: So, what I've seen is that obviously I've seen you do your own campaign. So, how's this worked out for you? because I've seen you promote yourself on LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: Really well I would say. So, my offer is um £36,000 a year, right?  
00:14:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: My cost of acquisition is about 2,000, which means every 2,000 that I spend, I generate about $2,000 I spend about I generate $36,000 in revenue, right?Tish Lord: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: It costs about 60 to 70. Well, the most recent cost, it gets better over time as the as the pixel and the algorithm burns. So my most recent customer acquisition well meeting acquisition cost is about $70 which means that every $70 70 to 100 that I spend I'm getting one meeting right. So every $200 is generating a real opportunity for me and I've got a long tail of opportunities right now which I'm still closing. So my current cost of acquisition right but I have three three meetings this week you know which are looking very promising. So if one more customer signs up that cost basically halves. So that's what the metrics are.Tish Lord: And it's Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But let me show you. Yeah. Sorry.Tish Lord: And is this um this sponsored advertising on LinkedIn? It's not free advertising because we were with ourselves and there's this free advertising can work on LinkedIn.  
00:15:58
 Tish Lord: I don't know. I don't know enough about it.Hassaan Ahmad: I So I've been doing this a long time. uh selling advertising before this I was selling I sold everything right so from big stuff six figure seven figure deals free advertising it works if you go viral your product's not going to go viralTish Lord: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right like that's that's just what it is your product's very niche there's not a lot of people that care about it it's there's nothing like it in the market so Yes.Tish Lord: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: While people might get excited, what's going to end up happening is if you take if you start taking a meeting with everybody who's excited, the two of you are just going to be overwhelmed. You need people who are self um qualifying through the messaging, who are coming through the funnel, who are clicking on something that resonates with them, they come to your website that speaks to them, and then they book aTish Lord: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: call. Right? that way because they've gone through three steps there's a good chance that you know they are more qualified than somebody who's just like oh wow that sounds like a great idea one of them about it does that make sense  
00:17:12
 Tish Lord: Yeah. So what when you say about the message what would you what would we the first the first if you can go back to the first slide the three different stages what what would the foundation what what we need to do for this first foundation stageHassaan Ahmad: That's that's a great question. Let me I was trying to find something. Uh uh uh uh uh. So this is typically or this is one of the starting points with this client that we worked with and he's the person that I'm going to get you a reference call.Tish Lord: Yeah, that'd be amazing if we could have that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So with this one, he gave us this right. We literally asked him a few questions. What's the elevator pitch? What's the problem you're trying to solve? Who else is doing it? Um, how's your solution different? Who do you foresee? It's just give us some starting information. That's it.Tish Lord: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You can see this less than two-page document that he provided.  
00:18:12
 Tish Lord: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, in your case, it's probably going to be your pitch deck, the uh the material that Martin took me through the other day.Tish Lord: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we'll take that and using this, we mocked up something like this.Tish Lord: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Right? So, this is the final design that we ended up with. Um but it's taking everything plus doing a lot of research plus having some conversations and coming to a message according to a website that is one visual appealing two it basically says what's what it does on the tin. Our standard is a 5-year-old should be a 10-year-old should be able to read it and tell what the product does and then decide if they want to do something about it.Tish Lord: is is is this his product? Yeah. Are you going to come you go into what is his product? Is it called?Hassaan Ahmad: So his product is a AI based it's a SAS tool that develops the ads writes the copy publishes them on meta platforms so Instagram and Facebook and then it's called I'll show it to you in a bit as  
00:19:04
 Tish Lord: Yeah. Ah, is it called? Is it called Genie? Is that the name?Hassaan Ahmad: well.Tish Lord: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So we took this, we mocked up this with him, right?Tish Lord: Yeah. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So the whole thing. So this is the design file. And as you can see, there's like a ton of different things that we did. So he wanted to go with this one. Then what we did was we developed these offers for him as well. So we said, how are we going to go into the market and get people interested? So it's various variations of these are static ads or static creatives, right? There's video creatives that we did as well. So this is everything that we did. And then um he gave us pretty wide birth to do whatever we wanted and what colors we Yeah.Tish Lord: using his brand colors. And that's his brand, is it? Yeah. Yeah. Cuz we, you know, we we come from a design background, so it's got Oh, yeah.  
00:20:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: So absolutely you can tell us what colors you want, what fonts you want.Tish Lord: We've got a design, you know, it's very we have to it's very um Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Yes. Your what do you call it? Design blueprint. Just give us that and we'll my designer who comes from he's going to work with that.Tish Lord: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So so we've taken that two pager or one and a half pager.Tish Lord: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: This is his live website.Tish Lord: The song and is that on LinkedIn?Hassaan Ahmad: Um so this is live right now. Um, you can actually go in and you can create your first campaign from here. What's working now in the back end is ads that I can't see, but actually no.Tish Lord: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, this one is on Facebook. He wanted us to do it on Facebook. Well, in this case, this was going to be Facebook because he's targeting SMBs. So now you can see star genie his product takes whatever you would do on Canva which is element and it operationalizes it in the sense that you know after you've designed something in Canva you  
00:21:14
 Tish Lord: So is is it like um is it like Canva then his product? Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: have to then go to link sorry meta or LinkedIn ads manager You have to set up an entire campaign.Tish Lord: Yeah. Yeah. Physically. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You have to know what to set up, right? And that's the art of it because a lot of people spend a lot of money, but they fail at it because, you know, the algorithm's finicky and so we'll take those designs. It will design a campaign for you. It will publish that campaign to go live.Tish Lord: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: All you have to do is give it the budget here. Test it out. Actually, it's really nice. You would really like it. So, you tell it what you want. You choose the creatives. It will automatically create the creatives for you, connect it to your ad account, uh, design a budget, sorry, give it a budget, and then it will launch the campaign for you, right?  
00:22:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: And then it would automatically optimize it, which is pretty cool. So, it's a very cool product.Tish Lord: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: We've just gone live with it on Sunday, right?Tish Lord: Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So over the next kind of weeks, we're going to be running the campaign and we're going to be getting his first customers soon.Tish Lord: Um, so, so he hasn't actually gone live and so it will just be you'll be advertising throughHassaan Ahmad: He's gone live other product with us. So he's got this is his second product with us. He did the first one and now he's doing the second one.Tish Lord: Okay. Okay. And so for example, so you we do the we get the messaging, you do that. What happens next? So the getting the calls, getting the the leads, the prospects, how's that work? Is it directly to us or does it go?Hassaan Ahmad: if you wanted to. Yeah. I mean I was thinking there would be to you because you guys are subject matter experts and and honestly at the design partner stage it's you guys that people would buy and trust rather than product it is better that you are in the meetings yourself we can provide some support on the process right but as the subject m experts I would highly recommend that you are you are there you're driving  
00:23:34
 Tish Lord: So just so I'm just trying to understand. So I could I'm just trying to understand the sorry a bit more. So I could physically go and make loads of posts and put it on on but how do you target how are you targeting our audience? How is that? How do you do that?Hassaan Ahmad: Um, elaborate on the question.Tish Lord: Well, so I could on my network, I've got over 20,000 people in my network. I do a couple posts and I put them out. What is making them sort of go to your post more than mine or or the stuff that you doing the messaging? Is it about the messaging or is about targeting? How do you target the white people to view this?Hassaan Ahmad: It's both. So part of it is science and part of it is odd, right? The science element is how we define or how we tell LinkedIn who to go and look after them or who to go and look for.Tish Lord: So, it'll pop up in the LinkedIn.  
00:24:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: Go.Tish Lord: They'll they'll be able to visit. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So in the ads manager, you have the capability to define an audience, right? That audience definition is pretty crucial to what right. And if you get that audience right, then everything and you have the right combination of an offer and so forth, it becomes really streamlined.Tish Lord: H. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Right? That's the science part on how you define the audience. Um, who are you guiding or who you targeting the algorithm to? And then the art element comes in, how good is your messaging, does it resonate with the people? Um, is it something that gets people excited etc. And you have to manage both in order to make it resonant.Tish Lord: So you can see, say we go live week one, you can see who's looking at us. If not, we can adapt it. I'm just saying like we're not getting any any traction. We have to work with it. And you you're monitoring it the whole time.  
00:25:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: correct yeah and this is the validation phase that we talked about right so the first couple of months that we run this for I mean the first week you don't see anything the first the second week something maybeTish Lord: Right. No. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: starts you get some sort of a signal but you take a lot of tinkering to both the audience the offers the creatives and so forth in order to get there. Uh typically that happens around the 3 to four week mark, right? But once that done things just fall into place.Tish Lord: Okay. Just um can you share your um slide with me that you've got now just so I can look at it. Um yeah and then we um you know I can go with Martin but he definitely will want to speak to you. Um and yeah it's just a price you know with pricing startup you know that sort of thing. Um yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No, I absolutely will send it to you. Right. You made a comment about the price in the beginning.  
00:26:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, um the price is £3,000 per month. And the reason why it's £3,000ish is, you know, it's part of well, you get three core people that do it for you, right?Tish Lord: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, the first one is me. So, I will do the messaging. I've been doing that for 15 years. I've sold ESG products before.Tish Lord: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I've sold SAS. I've sold advisory and so forth.Tish Lord: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you know, you get that the person who's going to do the designing comes from so he's he comes from a meta background. So, he's actually part of meta, right? Does product design more than he's a staff designer there.Tish Lord: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you're getting that and then the media buyer who does the actual campaign setup, campaign monitoring, campaign running side of things, he's very experienced as well. He runs budgets of $50,000 a month across the entire correct.Tish Lord: Mhm. So you join together to do the startup yourselves. I get it.  
00:27:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, so you're getting essentially a fractional team of these three capabilities and one of us the day rate for one of us, you know, could quite easily be three grand.Tish Lord: Yeah. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, but you get all three grand everything in three grand and we'll set it up from literally the first paper, the sorry page that I showed you all the way down to your campaigns and run them for you.Tish Lord: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we feel that this is very very Good.Tish Lord: Yeah. I mean, I know Martin's very keen. We've just, you know, we're doing in innovation grants, you know, until we've got no cash flow at the moment. So, but um yeah, no, it's good to understand because I I sort of was his thing. I came on board late so it's good to understand that if you send me the document and I'm sure I mean his deadline is to get this grant in. So um that's the main thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Tish Lord: Um and yeah I mean also obviously we'd love to speak to someone who's worked with you personally or as a company or whoever just to give us some more security of you know.  
00:28:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I mean, sure. There's there's my LinkedIn profile right there.Tish Lord: Oh let me have a look at you. I did try and look you up. I couldn't find you.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um, sorry.Tish Lord: Descended send what are you under your um umHassaan Ahmad: So it will show Anna plan. I'm building remote here in stealth right now. Like full disclosure. The moment I get to 10 customers, I'm going to resign. Right. I'm at five right now. Um so in the next kind of three to four months, I'm going to be at 10 and that's when I'm going to pull the trigger. Look, that's if you're looking for security, right, on on our ability to execute. I think that one should tell you that that you know I'm working with a billion pound revenue company um doing major enterprise for them. So I have experience selling into major enterprises been doing that for well long time.Tish Lord: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um I've shown you some artifacts as well. I hope that that gives you the confidence I can bring the rest of the team in and you know they can introduce themselves a bit about their experience and so forth.Tish Lord: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And obviously once this guy is ready um he has asked for four weeks. you know, once he's ready, more than happy to arrange the conversation with him as well.Tish Lord: Okay. Okay. All right.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Tish Lord: That's good. So, um All right. send me some information and if you um um we set up a call for next week I think the be for MartinHassaan Ahmad: Yep. Sounds good. So, what I'm going to send you is the deck.Tish Lord: yeah okay all  
Transcription ended after 00:33:04

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
