---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Daniel Halstead x Hassaan (Remotir) - 2026 revenue strategy – 2026/03/30 15:59 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-30T16:14:29.408Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-30T15:32:23.267Z
---


Daniel Halstead x Hassaan (Remotir) - 2026 revenue strategy - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Dan, good afternoon.Dan Halstead: Good afternoon. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm very well. How are you?Dan Halstead: Yeah, good. ThankHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Dan Halstead: you.Hassaan Ahmad: Apologies. I'm uh well half a minute late. I usually talk when he's waiting.Dan Halstead: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So waiting tooDan Halstead: Yeah. I I tend not to worry for the first two, three minutes.Hassaan Ahmad: long.Dan Halstead: I think if you were eight minutes late, it might be different. But uh yeah, I'm I'm not militant about these things. UmHassaan Ahmad: I appreciate that, Dan. Thank you for for getting in touch on LinkedIn for you know telling me a bit about whatDan Halstead: soHassaan Ahmad: you were doing and booking at this time. So really appreciate it. Before we get into it uh do you have a hard stop or are you flexible beyondDan Halstead: um I've got a lot of work to do before the end of the day.Hassaan Ahmad: 4:30?Dan Halstead: So no I don't have a hard stop but I also don't have yeah 90 minutes to um to catch up sadly.  
00:00:53
 Dan Halstead: Um, so yes,Hassaan Ahmad: God.Dan Halstead: I if it goes over then um then no one's going to cry, but uh I'll just be getting home very lateHassaan Ahmad: All right. That that makes sense.Dan Halstead: tonight.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm going to switch on um recording just so you know I can capture everything. Usually the way I like to run this is the first meeting is about just ready to see well think of it as aDan Halstead: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: cultural interview, right? where you and I see if you know we like each other enough to potentially work together. But more so than that,Dan Halstead: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: um I just want to learn as much about you as possible about what you're working on, what prompted you to get in touch, where do you see the challenge and so forth. And then we can um we can see if it's worth having a next step. Make sense?Dan Halstead: Yes. Yeah, it does.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: Um, yeah. I mean, in terms of turning on the AI recording, um, can I just check that all of RP remains ours?  
00:01:48
 Dan Halstead: Um, in in sharing, uh, because I would like to show you some stuff today, but I won't show you that if, um, the IP is not properly protected.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. If you want, I can uh send you an email after this confirming that your IP is your IP.Dan Halstead: Cool,Hassaan Ahmad: I'm never going to soDan Halstead: cool, cool. Yeah. Yeah. Great.Hassaan Ahmad: forth.Dan Halstead: Thank you. Um so yeah, I mean I'm I'm very happy to go um through the process in a logical step. Um whether or not we can work together, I'm sure we can get to a reasonable conclusion on that quite quickly, I hope. Um, uh, is it worth me telling you what we've been doing and where we are and then,Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Dan Halstead: uh,Hassaan Ahmad: So I think the most helpful thing would be to maybe just start off with the product itself. Yeah. Spend a couple of minutes in it. Not as much interested in the logistics and how it works right now,  
00:02:36
 Dan Halstead: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but what is it doing? Who you targeting? What kind of success you're seeing? from your message you mentioned that you were seeing quite a bit of interest and momentum from the market. So want to understand that and thenDan Halstead: Yeah. Yeah. It's it's a bit of a paradox actually.Hassaan Ahmad: yeahDan Halstead: So, um I think obviously if people were ripping it out of our hands, we wouldn't be having a conversation.Hassaan Ahmad: ofDan Halstead: So, um uh there's definitely some painoint in there.Hassaan Ahmad: courseDan Halstead: The uh but there is some really positive market signal as well. So, um, we essentially right now have a suite of tools that do different things and we're bringing them together intoHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Halstead: one LLM interface. So, um, have you ever used Lovable? Essentially,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: we're building the lovable of recruitment. So,Hassaan Ahmad: LoveDan Halstead: um,Hassaan Ahmad: it.Dan Halstead: you can chat to it, talk about the team you're looking for, talk about your best people, where you've enjoyed working, where you know other good people work, and our software will go out to the market, identify all the people on a network graph, which is our unique IP, um, warm them up, um, to have a a kind of off thereord board uh very  
00:03:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Halstead: um as it's anonymous uh conversation so they don't know it's you and you don't know that their conversation to begin with. It will warm the top performers up in the market and then if they're interested then they'll come into your pipeline. We'll also take your job, turn it into a high performing uh job advert, uh put that up on LinkedIn, take every single applicant,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Halstead: spend 15 to 20 minutes on the phone screening them for all the top performer criteria that you've given us and then tell you which ones that we think you should interview. We package that all up and it just works. That's that's that's what we're building. Um what we have so far is the network search. So we've got like um and that's the hard bit, right? It's a system of record. It's taken 18 months to build. It's very different to anything else that exists. And it maps networks over time. So it's like, okay, you know, Hassan's worked with Alice.  
00:04:54
 Dan Halstead: Alice is fantastic. Hassan loves Alice. Alice has worked with these five people three times that have all done the same thing. So we can infer a bit about those people, right? Or um yeah, Hassan's worked with Jeremy for 10 years and doesn't want to work with Jeremy again. We probably aren't going to go to the same company. Jeremy worked in and pulled people into Hassan's pipeline for that. So, so we kind of handle that intelligently. Um, so we got the system of record and then what we've got on top of that is the candidate front end. So, the screeners, so we've um we have done a thousand screener calls now with candidates. Um, get a 40% nine or 10 out of 10 uh from them. uh often for more senior roles, they're on the phone for half an hour, 40 turns of conversation. Um when we get inbound from that, so people do the screener, they're looking for work, and then they go, "s***, this is great. I want it for my company." Right?  
00:05:54
 Dan Halstead: So So that's all the that's all the good news on that side of the scale. Uh the bad news on the other side of the scale, well, first of all, we don't have this LLM product at the moment. We've got a suite of tools, right? So, we're going out shipping the tools and selling the tools and that's harder to do, right? It's like, you know, the ingredients of a sausage aren't quite so nice as the sausage itself. So, um, so we're shipping the ingredients, not the sausage right now. So, that's been tricky. Um, but the other thing is in recruitment technology, it's like a war zone of messaging. There's there's a million companies just like with just the same messaging as us, just the same marketing channels as us, just the same and we do something better and it's unique and it's different and and when people see it, they go, "Oh s***, this is really great." And so, uh, one of our companies that we we're working with at the moment is a division of HP.  
00:06:50
 Dan Halstead: And we started dealing with this very junior kind of talent acquisition manager. She took it to the HR manager, said, "s***, this is great." She took it to the chief people officer. They went to the CEO as a demo of how the company's using AI. Um and and we get that everywhere like you know hey I went to go and see a guy who's building a thousand person team in India last week and he's like I want to do this in India. I want to do this for all my this is amazing. So we get this like really good visceral kind of this is brilliant product market feedback. Bam. And then if I was to put that up on LinkedIn I would get nothing at all. Right? Like literally if I put my code up on LinkedIn and tell people how to do it themselves, I don't think I'd get a reply.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: It's like a So, so we've got there's a product market fit issue in that, right? And I don't know if it's cuz we're telling not showing and we don't have the product yet and when I sit down, you know, I'm obviously not that inclined to waste like there's building in public and then there's wasting your audience by showing them what you're going to show them so that they're not even interested by the time they see it.  
00:07:56
 Dan Halstead: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: and I'm I'm playing that tension at the moment, but uh but essentially we want to grow. We want we think that there's a uh there's a potential for like 2 to 10,000 clients inside the first two years. Um uh globally there are other businesses in this space that have done similar things. Uh we've got better tech and uh deeper reach,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Halstead: more full solution. So anyone can arrive, have a chat, post a job spec, and get brilliant people into their inbox. You don't need to be a recruiter. You don't need to be a you don't need to be a head hunter. And I've run some of the best head hunting firms in the world.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: So um I can tell you there's a big difference between the average talent acquisition person in in a mid-market company and the guy who charges £100,000 placement for a for a heading firm. It's like going to the local law thing to get your get your will or whatever drafted and then going into the city and speaking to a partner in a major law firm.  
00:08:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: They're just different things. And what we've done is essentially put that um high-end agency experienceHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: into a into a techHassaan Ahmad: Makes sense.Dan Halstead: product.Hassaan Ahmad: How are you currently taking it to market? Like what's your how do people find you today?Dan Halstead: Yeah. Um, so we're we're experimenting. So we're not we're not in a kind of um go to market cycle of like we found a route that works and we're pushing it. Um some inmails, some emails. Uh we've got a cold caller will start for us in about 3 weeks. I'm doing a little bit of content on LinkedIn but not very product focused. More kind of warming up the audience rather than um trying to pitch it. Um, and then I'd say 50% of our users come from someone who's used the platform who says, "Yeah, this is great. You guys should do this." And then we get an inbound.Hassaan Ahmad: Fair enough. And once people are in through the funnel, so they've had first call with you,  
00:09:56
 Dan Halstead: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: what does what does that look like? What does the conversion look like on the otherDan Halstead: Yeah. So,Hassaan Ahmad: side?Dan Halstead: because we're shipping the tools at the moment rather than the product at the moment, it's like free trials. It's not we're not able to give you a full end to- end solution today. We're about six or eight weeks away from that. Um the sentiment is veryHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Dan Halstead: positive. I'd say we get 60 to 80% sentiment they want to proceed. Uh they'll ask for pricing. Um we'll offer the free trial. I'd say probably 40% of people engage with the free trial. Um but we're talking quite low numbers.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Halstead: We only started doing this like 3 weeks ago. So, it's not, you know, I think there's maybe 10 and we've got like three or four people in a free trial. It's not like we're busting out thousands of customers right now. And and it's weird.  
00:10:48
 Dan Halstead: It's like I have no idea where the next customer come from. Like I put this call down and I have an inbox from someone going, "Oh, hi. Yeah, I heard about you from so and so and you know, really want to talk to you." And that could be like 30 grand worth of revenue or I could spend all of next week coldHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: calling 500 people and get nothing. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: it's a very very strange thing. I've never had a product that people love but they don't want to talk to you about. It feels a bit like joking with the team. If you go to a major train station and put like hundred euro notes in an envelope, you just try and hand out the envelopes.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: No one takes the envelopes. It's like, but this is really good.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: You should take this. It's like got a hundred euros in it and people are just walking past as if you're a  
00:11:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So,Dan Halstead: lunatic.Hassaan Ahmad: I've seen that a lot. Um, and I can share some thoughts on why that might be happening, but I'm curious. So, you said people love the product,Dan Halstead: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but you said that you spoke with or at HP the person was like quite junior who, you know, ran it up the chain.Dan Halstead: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Is that typically how it is?Dan Halstead: Run it up.Hassaan Ahmad: So junior people find it, try the product and then take it upDan Halstead: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: orDan Halstead: I mean, we're quite early, but yeah, I mean, it's indicative. Um, I think that we do have an issue where the person who loves it So, our product, if you are a high-end head hunter or like you've worked at the absolute pinnacle, you look at our set of tools now and you go, "Holy s***, I need that." Like, that's really good. And and speaking to VCs who run recruitment firms and stuff, they're like, "Yeah, I need this. This is this is I'm having this portfolio company,  
00:12:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: AllDan Halstead: so this is amazing." But if you've never run that kind of firm,Hassaan Ahmad: right.Dan Halstead: you don't understand the difference between asking CHBT to tell you match some CVs to some job specs and what we've built. You you just don't understand fundamentally the difference in output of those twoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Interesting.Dan Halstead: things.Hassaan Ahmad: very very interesting. Um to a large extent this resonates a lot with me because you know on the surface of it what I do is part of what I do is you know generate leads pipeline etc etc.Dan Halstead: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: people who have run companies before or you know really been inside the machine they just see that this is different to anything else because the generation is an output right it's how you get there and the quality that you get outside of it is just extremely different and that's where the operator experience comes through essentially what you're trying to do here is figure out a way to have that elite operator level experience and insights come through before people get in the funnel with you and have a chance to look at the  
00:13:30
 Dan Halstead: Yeah, I think that'sHassaan Ahmad: product. Good stuff.Dan Halstead: true.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, what's the revenue right now or is there anyDan Halstead: I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: revenue?Dan Halstead: there is a small amount, but we're talking less than 100 grand a year at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Dan Halstead: It's not uh not much.Hassaan Ahmad: What's the ATV like and what's the So, who where have you succeeded so far and what's the average contract value?Dan Halstead: Um I mean most of it has been during our experimentation phases. So we've sort of made a placement for a company and charged them a placement fee or we've so we we've been selling services rather than software up until now. So I don't think don't think that's a fairHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Dan Halstead: reflection.Hassaan Ahmad: Fair enough. And who's we? So, it's you. And what's what's the teamDan Halstead: Uh we've got five or six people in the team.Hassaan Ahmad: like?Dan Halstead: So uh three technologists, operations, me and anHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Fine.  
00:14:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: So,Dan Halstead: investor.Hassaan Ahmad: no dedicated sales resource. Nothing already happened on that one. Okay. And um if you can wave a magic wand and do something that takes away whatever is the major challenge you're facing, what would it takeDan Halstead: Uh,Hassaan Ahmad: away?Dan Halstead: I take away the need for me to try and get demos booked. I think like if I can get demos booked with quality buyers, I can I can do the rest. But, uh,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Dan Halstead: getting demos booked is f****** hard.Hassaan Ahmad: got it. Okay.Dan Halstead: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: So, it's top of the funnel. Just getting enough eyes on the product is the highest right now.Dan Halstead: yeah, I think so.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Have you ever thought about what kind of volume you're looking at?Dan Halstead: Uh I mean I want to get 10 customers on inside about 8 weeks. Um goals for this year is probably 50 toHassaan Ahmad: 10 customers,Dan Halstead: 100.Hassaan Ahmad: eight weeks.  
00:15:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, double click on those numbers. Where's that coming from? So, what does 10 do for you? That five doesn't.Dan Halstead: uh 10 really stresses my engineer team massively, but not so much that they all fall over. So then they make the product better and but they don't panic and and and thenHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: quit. And that's the the magic moment where if you can serve 10, you can serve 100.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. And when we're talking 10 customers, we're not talking in terms of number of placements. We're talking about 10 people accessing the system.Dan Halstead: Signed up. Yeah. Yeah. Signed up using the tool. Pay us something. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Halstead: I don't even care if it's very much money for those firstHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Dan Halstead: 10Hassaan Ahmad: So you just want throughput in the systemDan Halstead: real real customers giving us money for real stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: basically.Dan Halstead: Um and because it just changes expectation levels, doesn't it?  
00:16:14
 Dan Halstead: If when people are paying for things, it needs to work. It needs to work on time. access, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: support tickets all need to be answered. All that stuff that that's what we want to get doneHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. So, what I've taken so far, and let me know if that's not correct,Dan Halstead: now.Hassaan Ahmad: the biggest chance of success lies with recruitment agencies in the beginning simply because they have the volume, they have customers and so forth. They can move fast.Dan Halstead: No, I think it's people who've probably worked in a recruitment agency and now work in a company.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Dan Halstead: Recruitment agencies have very thin margins and I just don't IHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Halstead: think if you end up building for a broker, you end you're not building the product for the end user. It's just a slightly different thing to build a aggregator for brokers than it is to build for the end user.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Here's a test for your product.  
00:17:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, if you were to go and run your product on exact this criteria, would we be able to find it? Will it give us a list of a,500 whatever people who previously worked at recruitment agencies but now are inhouse.Dan Halstead: in you know our platform.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: Um I could probably I don't think it give me that number but it can probably give meHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Halstead: a good number. Uh the question is are they senior enough to buy or what's the the buying channel right? So if if you imagine the perfect ven diagram is they understand why the product's different. They work in the company that can spend money and they are the person that can spend it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Dan Halstead: That's the that's the trifecta of and I've done it 1500 seems a lot but it's possible.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: I mean most highend most senior talent acquisition people have worked agencyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Dan Halstead: sideHassaan Ahmad: Um so reason I asked that question is I'm if I were to look at this challenge I'm looking at it as one ICP definition challenge.  
00:18:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: So really finding out you know who is it that is going to buy quickly who can move fast enough to buy quickly and who's sophisticated enough to really see the difference.Dan Halstead: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So you're looking for those first few fans. Second is a messaging problem then. So once we have identified those people, how do we get the problem? How do we get the message to them in a way that makes them aware,Dan Halstead: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: gets them curious, gets them through the funnel. And the third is a quality problem. So we don't want to go after 5,000 lowquality, you know, um HR analyst kind of person or HR admin kind of person. We want to go much higher people with budget, authority, timing. Correct. Okay,Dan Halstead: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: fair. Um, that's going to need some money.Dan Halstead: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: What's your marketing budget?Dan Halstead: What's my market budget for?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: ForHassaan Ahmad: If you were to run paid advertisement,Dan Halstead: what?  
00:19:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: what would be what would you be able to spend?Dan Halstead: depends what the ROI is. If it's like one customer's 50,000, zero. If one customer's a pound,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: I'll give you I'll give you 10 million quid, right? So, uh it depends on the ROI. I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So,Dan Halstead: like,Hassaan Ahmad: typically we have so again there's ways of doing this and how you go to market and so forth.Dan Halstead: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um to get a senior buyer through the funnel and by senior buyer I mean C minus one maybe C minus 2 through the funnel in with enough quality that one in every twoDan Halstead: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: or at most one in every three converts to a realistic opportunity that close an opportunity is qualified it costs about I want to say between 200 to400 per Yeah.Dan Halstead: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Now, there's levers that you can pull to bring that cost lower, but I'm not going to promise that to you. I'm just telling you what the industry average  
00:20:37
 Dan Halstead: When you say sort of £400,Hassaan Ahmad: is.Dan Halstead: is that for a meeting or is that for is that per meeting?Hassaan Ahmad: It is depends on your ACV. Hence the ACV question. Yeah. If you're talking free trials, people will I mean it's easy to find free trials. We're talking people coming in spending half an hour 30 minute with you and then actually going through the funnel. So I get my conversion is one in two. Yeah. So one in every two meetings I take go to an opportunity and then I close one in them. One of them sometimes both of them. Yeah. So that's the quality. If that's the quality bar we hit, then it you have to go with high enough precision and give the platforms enough to work with. So it costs about £200 for a meeting. What what that means is if you're spending a grand and you're getting a customer that pays you 12 grand on the end end of it depending on what your product is uh what your product value is, the ROI is insane over there.  
00:21:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: Make sense?Dan Halstead: It does. I mean um I think you got to look at the whole pipeline to understand the ROI. I think we are not ready to convert a one into to revenue at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: I think that would be unlikely given very early stage technology propositions beingHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Fine.Dan Halstead: refined. We're going to them to tell them about a problem that they've got rather than them coming to us looking for the problem. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: If you can deliver the outcome,Dan Halstead: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the value can be extracted.Dan Halstead: Yeah, that's the thing, isn't it?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Dan Halstead: So,Hassaan Ahmad: because you put it in terms of the cost of action,Dan Halstead: I suppose we need big bunch of content on the outcomes,Hassaan Ahmad: right?Dan Halstead: not the not the inputs.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry,Dan Halstead: We need a big bunch of content on the outcomes, not theHassaan Ahmad: you don't need well,Dan Halstead: inputs.Hassaan Ahmad: you don't need a lot of content on the outcomes.  
00:22:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: You've just got to get that message through to a receptive buyer when they are in the call with you. Yeah. And that's what you're saying that you're really good at doing that challenge is getting them on a call with youDan Halstead: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: because what you're solving for Dan is this is the same with me.Dan Halstead: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Everyone that you're hitting is getting bombarded with 60 outreaches a day. Yeah. So your first channel your first challenge is standing out enough that they actually respond to you and take a call. Yeah. In my experience for senior buyers,Dan Halstead: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: outbound does not work because it requires them to take multiple actions. The first action is answering the phone or reading your email. Yeah. If you fail that, anything else is going to fail downstream. But if they take the action,Dan Halstead: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: then your message has to resonate. Yeah.Dan Halstead: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Then they have to show up and then they have to listen to you and get bought in and so forth.  
00:23:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: So the way to do that, the way we engineer is through interrupting their pattern. Yeah. While they're scrolling, while they're doing something else,Dan Halstead: is through what?Hassaan Ahmad: interrupting their pattern. So if they are scrolling or whatever,Dan Halstead: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? We engineer that they come to us rather than you go to them. When they come to you, the rate is already higher. They've self-qualified and selfidentified with the message that you put it out, provided the message is good and they're not just curious.Dan Halstead: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um and then when they have identified with the message themselves automatically open to you convincing them. It's an invitation for them to let you convince them. Yeah.Dan Halstead: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Um and it also sounds like there's some work we can do in building that business case for them. So helping them understand what's the business case of working with you as opposed to working with an alternative like an agency or something else.Dan Halstead: Yeah. Okay.  
00:24:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um that's stuff we can structure as well and there's ways of doing that right we could build a calculator together for example we could do any number of things that delivers that cost on a off actionDan Halstead: Okay. So, I mean, we're getting towards the end of the of the half hour. Um, you seem very knowledgeable and, um, you know the market well, which is great. Um, I think you kind of need to advise me on how much money I need to invest in this type of process and what results I might get um, for me to really better quantify it. Um because yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: I need to look at your product.Dan Halstead: we're keen to acquire customers and um we can spend money on that,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: but I really need to know how much what the returns are, what your level of confidence is with the recommendation and those kind of things.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, let's do this. Let's take an hour sometime this week or next. Yeah. I'm happy to move at your pace.  
00:25:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: Take me through the product. Take me through the suite of products that you have. Yeah. I really want to understand the customer journey. I want to understand the current sales that you have made and if you've got transcripts of those calls, if you've got any notes, that is very helpful for me to understand. That would give me a baseline on how quickly and how with how much authority can we put a message together and get the right people in through the funnel.Dan Halstead: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Once we've done that, then I can tell you how much would you be looking at spending in order to do it. Now, when it comes to spending, you could slow it down or you could speed it up. Yeah. You could throw 100K at it, you could throw 1K at it. Yeah. The mechanism changes drastically.Dan Halstead: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: If you're throwing 100K at it, you could go all guns blazing, all channels activated. It just speeds up the signal and the responsibility.  
00:26:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: If it's 1K, it's more of a slower burn. Ideally, you activate both. Yeah. So, you do a middle middle ground thing. I recommend between three and five. I think you would probably three to start with plus whatever is. Um so if you have a budget of you can tell me now if your budget allows for spending 15 to 20 grand over the next three months this is a viable strategy for you. If it's not then should look at somethingDan Halstead: Yeah. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: else.Dan Halstead: I don't have an issue with the 15 grand over 3 months. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: The ROI pieceDan Halstead: I just I'm quite low confidence on what that gets me at the moment. So I I'm not just not getting the kind of hey it feels like the wrong way around as in like it feels like the wrong way around to say this is the amount you need to spend over or this is a budget you need to spend over three months and we don't know what results we're going to get from that.  
00:27:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: It saysDan Halstead: It's seems like the other way around should be right okay we think given your stage it's actually goingHassaan Ahmad: indicative.Dan Halstead: to be £800 for a meeting. We're going to build it up and it's going to be you know you're going to need five of those. So you're kind of looking at four grand per client means that each client's a loss. You have to do that for the first two months and then we'll bring the cost down. You do the conversions up and we'll get to I think that that sounds more like a proper conversation toHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So,Dan Halstead: me.Hassaan Ahmad: hold that thought and I'm going to show you um something that I was going to build for you on the back end anyway of the information that we have. Give me one sec. Um, I'm just finding a part.Dan Halstead: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: So, every single time I have a conversation like this and I end up in a second conversation, I show up with something like this.  
00:28:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: Can you see my screen? Yeah. And that's exactly what you've talked about. So, all the questions I asked you, how much it costs, so what's the ACB, what's your revenue target, etc., etc., That's the number I run off the back. Now that I have you here and you have a do you have a couple of minutes,Dan Halstead: Gotcha.Hassaan Ahmad: we can just run it live.Dan Halstead: Um, well, I don't know the average contract value, so and I don't need anything qualified up.Hassaan Ahmad: We can Okay.Dan Halstead: I I mean, yes, I understand this spreadsheet uh very well, but um I I think that it's more about we're looking for a partner who can advise us on where we sit on that rather than, you know, if I was wanting to build that myself, I obviously could do that um relatively quickly. The um the real question is,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: you know, with your insight, and you've done this a few times before, what what could we expect?Hassaan Ahmad: Which is why I need to look at your product.  
00:29:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Halstead: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Take me through your product. Help me understand what the suite looks like today.Dan Halstead: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Help me understand what the road map looks like.Dan Halstead: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That will inform what is the business case that we can build around something like that. And that then determines the price that we could extract.Dan Halstead: Got it. Okay. Well, let's do that. Um I'm away for the next two weeks and then um theHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Halstead: uh uh the product will be significantly further on say 3 weeks from now. So why don't we put the placeholder in for 3 weeks uh and then we'll we'll have a bit of better conversation about the product and what's goingHassaan Ahmad: Is there someone in your team who could take me through the productDan Halstead: on.Hassaan Ahmad: while you'reDan Halstead: Uh no,Hassaan Ahmad: away?Dan Halstead: there's no point. you'd need to wait for me to come back to to have any meaningful conversation anyway. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Halstead: um yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: All right. How's the week of uh 13th for you?Dan Halstead: a week after that. So, week of 20th,Hassaan Ahmad: Perfect.Dan Halstead: please.Hassaan Ahmad: How's I could do Monday, same time. Tuesday 3Dan Halstead: Uh yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: p.m.Dan Halstead: I can do um 4 p.m. Monday. Uh you in the UK or you uh Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm in the UK. I will be traveling at that time,Dan Halstead: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: but that's fine.Dan Halstead: Oh, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll be working UK hours. Either is fine. I'll be working UK hours anyway. So, yeah. Um, fine. I'll put an agenda in, but I really want to understand I need to understand the product to guide you on what the pricing needs to be. Uh, and then we work backwards from there.  
Transcription ended after 00:31:00

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
