---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Alexandra Kasseri – 2025/08/19 16:01 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:38:13.088Z
meeting_date: 2025-08-19T15:42:14.112Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Alexandra Kasseri - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hi Alex.Alexandra Kasseri: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Hi. How are you?Alexandra Kasseri: I'm good. Thank you. Sorry about before. I I've I've had a problem today with my um yeah, my the reminders. I think I just need to reboot my computer. It's just so much going on there and it hasn't like restarted for a long time. So yeah, I didn't get reminders.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, no worries.Alexandra Kasseri: I also missed another meeting and um yeah anyway sorry about that again.Hassaan Ahmad: No, no worries. I'm glad we could get that rescheduled today. How have you been?Alexandra Kasseri: Good. Yeah, good. Thank you. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm I'm doing well, thank you.Alexandra Kasseri: Great.Hassaan Ahmad: Struggling with the voice a little bit. I got litis like last week. Still Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: And oh, I think there's stuff going on because yeah, I hear it a lot from people and I also kind of like felt funny um yesterday cuz the weather is changing so you know like suddenly, right?  
00:01:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: Well, hopefully it gets better. But yeah, thanks uh thanks for connecting over LinkedIn and uh you know we exchanged a few messages. So looked at Pixie as well and it's just like such a cool cool concept.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: How did youAlexandra Kasseri: Yeah. I've been um working on Pixie for a couple of years now. Um but the growth in the UK only started basically like two two months ago. Um and um the before so the we were sort of doing product discovery and actually build up a quite nice pipeline of clients there but it was a completely different business model in the other market uh that we were um growing. It was a B2G model. So we were like selling SAS to um local governments and so we never had to do marketing. Um so now it's it's a completely different situation. We have um we're starting with a direct to consumer model and we're going to soon pass to a B2B model and uh we've set up some stuff um and we are um and you know the the demand you know like you you also just said it's like a really cool thing.  
00:02:39
 Alexandra Kasseri: It's a thing that people want right now. Um so the demand is really big. So, it's actually growing um quite nicely and there is a lot of more space to grow and we have a lot of plans with what we want to do. Um and um and yeah, I guess the reason I we're a small team, we don't have all the profiles. Um, and I guess the the reason why I wanted us to have a chat is to, you know, like explore the possibility of perhaps just, you know, getting a partner that can cover the whole cycle.Hassaan Ahmad: AllAlexandra Kasseri: And so I don't need to um, you know, like hire different profiles individually.Hassaan Ahmad: right.Alexandra Kasseri: Um, and obviously we're still we have angel funding. We we're okay um with money for now but um we're you know we don't have VC money so it's not that I I can like hire people under payroll um so we have to like you know rely on contractors and you know it's hard to find good people let alone when they are not like super committed to the company.  
00:03:59
 Alexandra Kasseri: So yeah, um that's kind of like my side of the story. Um um high level. Yeah. And I wanted to understand what is it that you could potentially help us with? There's a lot going on. Um, and we're only like we we have a winning ad um that basically bring us brings us um maybe 100 100 to 150 leads a week which is quite generous. Um yeah, we managed to do that. So that's kind of like what's playing out at the moment quite nicely. But obviously we want you know since we understand that this is this is working well we obviously want to multiply that um it's um Instagram so it's a metaHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, absolutely. What's Well, couple of questions. Where's the ad playing or what's the channel? Yeah, I was going to say Instagram is the best platform for the B2C model that you have, but what would a B2B model look like?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, it's um it's a really cool one. It's um selling.  
00:05:09
 Alexandra Kasseri: So, we we basically create experiences um for people um in small groups um based on a personality test that and we match them in small groups and send them to an experience. It started with dinners but obviously now we're launching new things all the time. Um we have four verticals that we're operating let's say event categories but um dinners were the first. So yeah, we are um we are planning to work with corporations um to sell Pixie Passes basically um for them to distribute to their employees for um um different reasons. It depends on the corporation, but it's usually um to just help Gen Z basically fight that that social anxiety they have and kind like um help um the organization become like a place of social value. Um again, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Okay. So, that's what Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: So that's Yeah, that's the B2B. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Um, any other B2B motions or verticles that you're thinking of.Alexandra Kasseri: potentially. Yes. Um we're potentially looking at partnering because we're starting this um so the so they're they're the dinners.  
00:06:43
 Alexandra Kasseri: The next one is called the culture edit. Um so it's a cultural experience for a small group of people. Um and so we're looking at potentially collaborating with big um culture organizations. Um but that's not it is something that needs to be developed and you know obviously uh there's a strong uh strategy behind that. I'd like to put that to cook that in you know but um I'm more focused on you know it's it it's always a B2B TOC. I mean unless we go to this cultural like you know the partner thing that I talked about before it's we have to still please um the end customer is the individual so we still have to please those guysHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: yeahHassaan Ahmad: I think for the corporations or the corporate packages as well um the pull has to come from the people because in most organizations that I've been a part of you know something like this would typically be included in the benefits package that they but and and most organizations have a system whereby they're asking for recommendations on you what are some of the things that the employees want that should be included in their benefits  
00:07:57
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Yeah. Well, the intention is to completely avoid that. But um I can tell you more um at another call because I I need to go into detail. But yeah, we want to present this as the first stage of a consulting project rather than another employee benefit that you know will get lost and we have a way of um of doing this. So we we want this to be structured around um the idea of this being a consulting project to boost people's productivity. Um and we've done a lot of work behind that. Why are you smiling?Hassaan Ahmad: I love the idea. I love the way you think like this is this is perfect because now I can see the business case writing itself.Alexandra Kasseri: No, it's Yeah, it's also because I have the data, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Alexandra Kasseri: So I don't just come up with this. Um, I know that, you know, loneliness has affected people's productivity and I have data to support that. So, that's how I'm planning to pitch it rather than, oh yeah, here take like a a pixie um pass for a dinner um and give it to your um employee for I already know the the type of organizations we're targeting.  
00:09:20
 Alexandra Kasseri: We've had um conversations with them already. I have to say that um and and the first stage I wanted to do it first pilots and then we go into the final model but I think this pixie pass like batches of tickets is probably a a better thing. It would it would also be like a nice revenue like acceleration of revenue because the pilots would just be a fixed fee. Um, so I think it's a better a better way to obviously I mean this is this is your area as well. So I'm very happy for you to tell how you would do it. But yeah, that's I decided that this is this is actually a better way to approach them rather than you know going pitching for the same problem but telling them we're going to do a pilot and you know after the success of a pilot we're going to establish like you know this thing. um what seems not challenging exactly, but it's not going to be a one-sizefits-all. Um which just makes it a little harder for the product, but not so much is that they have different metrics, right?  
00:10:35
 Alexandra Kasseri: They have different things they want to achieve. Um and uh yeah, different requirements of how they want to use this. Anyway, we've had conversations. we haven't had like a proper pilot or like you know a proper client in that area yet but it's close. I also I also didn't want to start before I have everything ready in terms of material um and uh you know because obviously we need to be we're a startup we need to be prepared before we go there.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah. I think it's a really cool concept and the problem that you planted on is is so amazing because it's not just loneliness, right? It's like most organizations I've been a part of, they have a real issue with early employee churn, right? So most early employees and by that I mean people who are you know between one and three years out of college or one and two and five years out of college they just don't stay at jobs that long right somebody in it takes you three months to come in then you ramp them up then they are bored then they leave so most organizations are losing out on a pipeline they're unable to build culture they're unable to  
00:11:41
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: go back to what what they like pre-COVID right and that's a big problem and and I this solves it.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, if you want me to get involved with that, like, man, I'm going to be so excited.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Um, no. Yeah, I I I do agree and it's all part of the same problem because see it with um the the DTOC now.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: We have a lot of um younger people that come to those dinners and the common denominator there cuz we you'd be surprised like it covers we're about like I don't know 1500 uh signups so far. Um it covers a whole span that like from early 20s to like 60, right? That's it's it just goes it covers everything. Um, but the younger people, the people in their early mid20ies, they're just lost. That's the common denominator of that demographic. They're lost. They already have a job. They don't like the job. They want to, you know, do something else.  
00:12:58
 Alexandra Kasseri: Like, you know, like good studies or whatever, but they're just lost. Um, they're just not happy with, you know, any um employer basically. So I already have, you know, a sample from the D2C now that I know what they're missing and it's part of the same problem. They have been isolated because of various reasons. I don't want to um get into them, but predominantly their addiction to like you know technology and digital means uh and mostly social media between you and me. But yeah, this addiction has made them even more isolated and that is coming out in the workplace and and and their uh um like their desire to work as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No, I think there's there's a lot of reasons, but social media, digital, over reliance on digital, then it's just it's everything, right? It's it's the cost of living. It's just the general kind of sentiment around you and so forth. It's the people like I don't go to the office. I'm a senior employee and I don't go to the office if I don't have to, right?  
00:14:13
 Alexandra Kasseri: No. Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: I'm not there then my juniors don't have the opportunity to learn and that that all of that adds up. So yeah, look I there's very few products that you know one gets instinctively right and can just see the angles playing out and this is one of them. So really excited to be having this conversation even regardless of if we work together or not.Alexandra Kasseri: thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: But um you know in really like you know two or three minutes what we do is exactly what you said right? So I've got 15 years in sales my partner's got 15 years in design. We're both coming from um what I want to say tier one enterprise corporate organizations, right? So we we know what selling to those organizations look like. But because he and I have been friends for many years, you know, we've dabbled in everything. We've done drop shipping. We've done We've tried selling toys. We've I started my career selling medicine. So, I've done B2C. I've done B2C uh B2B.  
00:15:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: We've done all of these designs and so forth. And the premise that we started off was that, you know, building products is easy, right? Everybody or, you know, a lot of people have great ideas. Some have really great execution as well. But it all ends where when it comes to go to market, right? Because very few people succeed in actually taking their product, taking it or executing it in a way that is appealing to people and then actually marketing it in a way that it becomes self- sustaining, right? And most of the times it's just too expensive because in order to hire an AE you need to spend what 100,000 or you know 60,000 if you want to get somebody okay you want to get a good designer is thinking about spending the same money and most organizations don't have that kind of money.Alexandra Kasseri: H. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, so it was just a way for us to democratize access to the that right and the way we've done it is by productizing the way we do or what we do right so and and that product is think of it as a fractional team that you get of experts that can everything from your initial messaging so initial looking at your ICPS defi refining what that ICP needs to be designing some messaging around that putting together  
00:16:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: a design package message or you know which could be a website, ad creatives, etc., etc., that is designed to take that message to people in a way that gets them to execute on a call to action. That call to action in this case could be, hey, you know, make a profile or, you know, register for an experience or something like that. For B2B, it can be register for a trial, etc., etc. and and we've done that a few times so we know well I've been doing that for 15 years so we know exactly what kind of emotional levers financial levers to pull in order to make that happen right and we've got a team which is half of it is onshore some of that is offshore that is that allows us to keep the costs down right we're ableAlexandra Kasseri: Hats.Hassaan Ahmad: to provide all of that for flat fee of £3,000 plus 15% of whatever revenue we made right in your case that 15% is actually probably not going to be that interesting for us, right? Simply because your models, our model is based more for B2B, yours more right now B toC, right?  
00:17:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, what we can do is bring in that team together and take care of this for you, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You've got a good product, right? Um, I like the website as well. I think your ad campaign's working well. Like 100 signups, did you say a week or a month?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. A week.Hassaan Ahmad: A week. I mean that's amazing, right? So you tell us where you need help, right?Alexandra Kasseri: That's in two months. So that's why I'm saying we just need Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: We we just need to, you know, like do something about that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So so you tell us where you can where you need help, right? Because I can provide the product. Sorry, I I was saying so the system that I've got can do anything from the thought leadership in terms of this is what the ICP needs to look like all the way down to actual SDR who's helping peopleAlexandra Kasseri: Yeah, I'm sorry, I missed some of what you said.  
00:18:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: getting them onboarded selling to them on the phones etc. Right? So you tell us what what you need in terms of where you are right now and then we can we can figure out something that that could work.Alexandra Kasseri: Okay. Sure. Um so first question is I guess um you were talking about design about your partner being a design expert. Um does that mean um just marketing design like a creatives or do you guys also go into product?Hassaan Ahmad: Can't go into product.Alexandra Kasseri: You can go into product as well. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So the way we typically work with products is we provide we in most cases the founder has a design team or a designer that we so we provide consultative feedback on or wireframing on hey this is what your website should look like this is what the product should look like move this button here etc etc in order to streamline the user journey.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's what we do. Is that what you're after or is there something else?  
00:19:45
 Alexandra Kasseri: No, it's I'm more thinking about So, I'm I'm going to be honest with you. the website we we were on a completely different website until very recently and um I've onboarded um couple of new management well co-founders I would call them um recently and one this is this is the work of one of them um who and it's the work of one night so he's pretty he's a gem u but So, what I'm trying to say is um we can I I suppose it's not that we don't need help because of obviously we're not they're not all of them full-time either. Um and there's still a lot of things to do, but um yeah, this is kind of the work of one night.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: So we're if we want to like pull stuff off on in terms of like you know building websites and all that we're quite strong internally as well but that doesn't mean that a fresh pair of eyes um doesn't add value. Um now but but I I was asking the reason I was asking about design is um because we are redesigning the app uh based on those four verticals I told you about and I think it's directly and I'm like this is where I think I could use a little bit of support because it's just getting a little overwhelming for me.  
00:21:18
 Alexandra Kasseri: Um because we want the app to start, the new app to start with, you know, everything that we're planning to launch in the next 3 months. Um I think it needs to tie back to how this um go to market strategy should look like. So, so that we, you know, don't spend too long and too much money on building something that's not going to be useful in the first. It's just needs to needs to tie to it needs they need to align the product with that goto market strategy. I think this is like sort of like the the key um deliverable also for myself um for the next couple of weeks I guess. Um so the other thing that uh you know being in such an early stage the other thing that I'm um not concerned but it's it's one of my one of the topics I I you know I could use support with is pricing. So we have a a business plan but it was built on you know specific prices. Now we're testing, we're getting feedback.  
00:22:40
 Alexandra Kasseri: Uh we're moving on to like different business models and all that. Um we're going to get more feedback. Um and I feel that we kind of need to to test prices before we, you know, get to our final price point. Um and this obviously needs to be done in a very careful way so that we don't blow it up with the customers, right? And um so I guess that's another thing. Um definitely could use your expertise in everything that has to do with CRM. Um because we thought that it was not we're using mailer light now and we thought it was not like you know absolutely necessary that we start paying all these like super pricey um softwares yet but I do think that once we get to the B2B model it's definitely going to be needed then or perhaps we can even start using it already. It doesn't have to be HubSpot. It could be another one because I do have a lot of um I haven't done like a proper report or study in our users right now.  
00:24:04
 Alexandra Kasseri: But um I believe there are some demographics that we can definitely create a campaign for like for example doctors like health care professionals have a lot of sign up for them. We could do like a specific campaign for those. Um so I think a CRM would help with this kind of things. Um and uh yeah then I then that's kind of like these are the major points that I am thinking right now you could help us with and the last one I wanted to ask I mean we can talk about these first but the next thing I wanted to ask you is you wrote something to me on LinkedIn about you invest um the ad spend in the beginning or something along those lines. So I wanted to clarify this point.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Um, anything else or is that the list?Alexandra Kasseri: Uh I think that's it. So yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I just want to get your thoughts on a paper and then you know we can go through that because otherwise it's easy to lose a train of thought.  
00:25:10
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. So, I'd address the ad spend bit first because that's the easiest thing to do. So typically what we do is when we have a three-month engagement and t when we run campaigns for somebody that we have a three-month engagement right the first month three to four weeks of that is us doing theAlexandra Kasseri: Yep. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: foundational work of getting the messaging right getting the ICP so refining the ICP doing the messaging building whatever landing pages etc need to be built getting the creatives etc etc right so that takes three to four weeks and require a lot of heavy lifting in the beginning.Alexandra Kasseri: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I feel that it's unfair to then take that new stuff and ask the founder to front the ad spend there. So, what we do is we validate that messaging with the money that we take, right? So, if you're paying us 3,000, we'd invest that back into the ad spend, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: In order to prove Correct.Alexandra Kasseri: So, it's basically telling me that the 3K I pay you as a retainer the first month will cover my ad spend as well.  
00:26:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, the first well the second month will cover the ad spend.Alexandra Kasseri: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Think of us as you bangers first month for all of those deliverables.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The second month we're literally going to invest all of that back end to do the ads for you, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And what we're looking to get to at the end of two months is a very strong signal, undeniable signal on does the messaging work, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Okay. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Does the flow works? All of the flow from the person seeing the ad to them clicking it to them going to your landing page to them actually taking an action. Does that whole thing work? And what does it cost? Right? Because if you're acquiring a customer at or a customer is paying you paid, it costs you 300 to get a customer. That's obviously not great.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we want to get to the metrics that are actual um representative of your customer acquisition cost because that then allows us to extrapolate and say, "All right, well, in the next month, if you were to spend a  
00:27:14
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: thousand, how many customers can we get from it, right? What the downward trajectory looks like, what the return on ad spend is like, and so forth." And that then allows you to one, make investment decisions, two, go back to your investors if you're going to and show them the metrics and say hey now the business model is validated right now.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, I need that. Yeah, for sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So it's it's getting that data and we use that and we do that using the money basically that we get from you right so it's think of it asAlexandra Kasseri: The whole of 3K on ads. So you expect with the campaign that you'll run that a minimum of 3K should be invested every month in ad spend.Hassaan Ahmad: no not a minimum but with ad spend it's the more you put in the better it is right So 3K gives us a very good signal, right?Alexandra Kasseri: I know but it seems like a like a like it sounds like a fixed fee like a 3K.  
00:28:19
 Alexandra Kasseri: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So for the first kind of Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: But I'm achieving now I'm achieving it with 1K 900 actually.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean that's why I'm which is why I didn't even pitch you in the beginning. I said, "Hey, you." So So look, if that's working, I don't want to duplicate or break the things that are working right now. Right.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, I didn't even pitch you in the beginning. That's right.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's where you keep thatAlexandra Kasseri: That's what I'm saying. I think we just need to find because that's an ad that's working for one location, right? One dinner location. It was our first ad and uh and we just launched five ads. Anyway, I don't want to bore you with the details, but I was what I'm saying is we have several different um locations for dinners, right? So, we could just duplicate this ad for the other locations as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm. If something's not broken, don't fix it.  
00:29:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Seriously, like, don't change it. the ad that works for me. Literally, the ad like the one that gets me customers paying me 9,000 to 36,000 a year. That ad is simply if it's just so simple. It just says you get these four things for $3,000. For $3,000, that's it.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Like that's the ad that works for me and I haven't changed it for like six months. So, if it works, keep it working.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I can help you with some of with all of well some of the other stuff that you mentioned. So what we can do is I can bring in my design partner. He can spend some time with you, take a look at where you are, what the starting point is on your app wireframes and stuff, right? And he can provide some guidance and we could I think a one month kind of fixed stem engagement would give you the design and the pricing consulting that you're looking for and that should be it for you.  
00:30:22
 Alexandra Kasseri: Sorry. A fixed month to do what?Hassaan Ahmad: So we'll do uh rather than a retainer, let's do a fixed price one month agement that will cover your design question and the pricing question, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Okay. Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: So we'll help you with both of those two things.Alexandra Kasseri: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So what the design side of things would cover is my partner is going to come in. He's going to take a look at whatever wireframes you have and provide either do the wireframing himself or provide consultative feedback on what needs to be where it needs to go, right? In order to make sure that there's complete alignment between your go to market and your and your product. Yeah. And then I can help you on the pricing side of things. We can look at some pricing models.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: uh do some analysis and we can provide some feedback on what the what the pricing needs to be, what model should go for or test at least to uh to get more revenue basically.  
00:31:32
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. I know how to I know how to start, but I I think what I could probably use support with is how do I change it? When do I change it? Like is as in so that I won't confuse and lose trust with my customers. That's more, you know, like I've got my numbers for now what I want to do, but um how do I stage this? how do I execute it so I so I don't lose trust with customers because obviously if I start with a price and then you know I after some time I have data good enough that tells me that this price can actually increase or this price should decrease or whatever you know like how do you make the transition to these things um so I think yeah anyway okay all right well um yeah so let me um have a think about all this. Um I'm still a little unclear this fixed monthly thing that you just suggested. Your partner will be doing the design improvements which basically means the improvements in my creatives on on the meta ads itself.  
00:32:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: your product.Alexandra Kasseri: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Um yeah, that could be useful actually. Um but it needs a lot of work from our end as well.Hassaan Ahmad: So, yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Um which is not like this something we need to do. Um and uh and then so you're suggesting we start with this monthly um project and then we see where we are at the end of it. Is that what you said? Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, I honestly don't want to touch your campaigns, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't want to run any campaigns for you simply because what you have is working really well. Yeah. So you continue doing that. You mentioned that the design is something that you need help with. So what we can do is we'll do that in the pricing side of things.Alexandra Kasseri: Huh.Hassaan Ahmad: Those are the two things that we can cover. Um as a next step, let me bring my partner in, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Okay.  
00:33:57
 Hassaan Ahmad: Show him what you have today so he can make uh an estimate of where you need to be and what kind of work is required and then we can discuss you know what that engagement might look like. Does that sound logical?Alexandra Kasseri: Yes. Just keep in mind that we discussed the the DTOC. I would still want there's another like stream that we need to discuss which I want to start ASAP.Hassaan Ahmad: the B2B one.Alexandra Kasseri: The one that where where I can use support to generate leads for my B2B because in this first stage I don't actually need a lot of things. I just need to prepare the material that goes and the flow for those guys to be like, "Ah, okay. I'm going to buy 50 Pixie passes to distribute them to my um employees, test out what this is about." Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Sure.Alexandra Kasseri: so if had I gone with the other um plan that I talked to you before, which was a consulting project, it needed a lot of chasing, right? because it was it would be a a much bigger um uh commitment like financial commitment as well.  
00:35:12
 Alexandra Kasseri: This one is just you know I'm going to get these things. I'm going to get 50 passes. Let's see how it goes. Um they can even like we're we're planning to implant a pricing calculator. So they could even like once they have an account with us just go and buy them on this on the website themselves. So, I'm gonna This requires I'm doing the blueprint now, but it requires like a you know a whole thing around it. So, it's just coming. That's what I'm That's what I'm trying to tell you. I'm going to need support to generate leads for that.Hassaan Ahmad: I Yeah, I can help you with that. But can I give you some free advice, free consulting, free ideas?Alexandra Kasseri: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: You said you have 1500 customers, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Offer them three free passes or 10 free passes, whatever, if they can bring in their companies for this pilot.Alexandra Kasseri: Wow. How I mean, how no one would do Why would they do it?  
00:36:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: Because what your pass costs $88 per person, 50 is 400, right? And if somebody can start an internal movement out of pure personal gain, right? 10 passes cost you 80 pounds.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You need 10 of them, 10 of the 1500 to basically prove your idea. Yeah. So send an email out to everybody or I'm sure you you have their employment details or whatever as it were they're working.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So pick a subset, draft an offer which is hey you know uh I don't know let's we can come up with some messaging right but your cost of acquisition is 80 right it costs you nothing to send 1500Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: emails who knows what you might get at the Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. That's true. That's so I mean we're so early that these are not super loyal customers, right? they've come to like one or two like at best three dinners so far. Um, so I I think this is something that I can definitely try a little later down the line.  
00:37:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: Try it with the ones that have done three.Alexandra Kasseri: Um, oh yeah, yeah, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Trust me.Alexandra Kasseri: For the ones that are like loyal. Yes. But imagine two months like people don't buy uh passport. It's early. That's what I'm saying. So we definitely one part that we need to work on is build this trust and build like organic um um traffic for us as well um in the sense that they like us, they like what they're experiencing, we invite them back. Um so I do feel that you know there's work to be done there as well. I think that's probably also something you could help me with segmentation and all that. Okay, cool. Um, I appreciate the time and we uh ran 10 minutes over. Let me digest all these and uh I'll be happy to have another meeting with your partner as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, sounds good. Um, let me I can't see his calendar actually. So, why don't you do you have a link or something that I could use to book time with you?  
00:38:44
 Alexandra Kasseri: Uh no, I don't unfortunately. Um so you'll have to just do it directly with me or via email.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: So once you with him um then uh you can just message me and you can make it happen or I can just give you some thoughts already.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Yeah, just give me some slots. I think it's easier that way. So, I could only do Monday to Wednesday next week. Could we try maybe Monday or Tuesday?Alexandra Kasseri: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Early afternoon would work usually works best for him. So, maybe 1 to 2 p.m. Tuesday. Does that work?Alexandra Kasseri: So, let's do it as soon as possible because this is stuff I'd like to decide quite soon. So, like maybe 10:00 a.m. on Monday.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, we might be able to do this on Friday as well. Uh, 3 p.m.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, works.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, 3 p.m. Friday or 10 a.m. Monday. Leave that with me.  
Transcription ended after 00:40:16

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
