---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Justin Narracott – 2026/03/27 16:29 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-27T18:14:30.287Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-27T17:42:47.878Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Justin Narracott - Transcript
00:00:00
 Justin Narracott: Hello,Hassaan Ahmad: Justin, good afternoon.Justin Narracott: good afternoon.Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Justin Narracott: Can you hear me? Okay. Is it We're normally on Teams,Hassaan Ahmad: I canJustin Narracott: so uh jump jumping on to um Google Meet. I see it also use one of my other Google addresses, but it's uh it's not always seamless as far as it goes with the uh with the camera and the mic, but it seems to be working hopefully.Hassaan Ahmad: You you got it in the first attempt which is I think the biggest win anyone can take at 4:30 on aJustin Narracott: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Friday.Justin Narracott: I know. I know. How are you doing anyway?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing all right.Justin Narracott: Good,Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Justin Narracott: good, good. Thanks. What What time zone are you in?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm in London.Justin Narracott: Oh, you're in London. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Justin Narracott: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: we're about a year.Justin Narracott: Uh I'm down on the south coast, sort of near Shorum, that sort of  
00:00:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Is that how are we talking?Justin Narracott: area.Hassaan Ahmad: Is it more bright inside or more?Justin Narracott: Yeah. So head head to Brighton and do a right for about eightHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. All right. Amazing. Wow. Good stuff.Justin Narracott: miles.Hassaan Ahmad: How's uh there's it it seems like there was a storm yesterday and you know it's been quite stormy, quite bad. So, how is it that that way?Justin Narracott: Uh it's just drizzly. It was actually quite nice yesterday, but I'm looking outside now. It's just it's just drizzled all day. Drizzly.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: And I think I've probably got water on my glasses because I just went off and made a cup of tea,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: which uh so I my office is um it's a shepherd's hut that I built in the garden. So, and I purposely don't keep tea and coffee and stuff like that in here. So, every now and then I like run off to the kitchen and run back, but I I I haven't got windscreen wipers on the glasses.  
00:01:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that needs to be the next invention that somebody makes. I would 100% buy it.Justin Narracott: You you think how many of us wear glasses and you know at at the end of the day we all struggle with fogging with bloody water on them and stuff like that. You know, we're, you know, it's it's it's it's amazing what we can do from a technology perspective and AI and all of that, but you know, glasses,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Justin Narracott: we're going back to what the sort of 16th century technology. They've just changed the frames.Hassaan Ahmad: I I call it normalized pain, Justin. We've just normalize this pain.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's part of our existence.Justin Narracott: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You know,Justin Narracott: Yeah. Indeed. Indeed.Hassaan Ahmad: it is what it is. I love your setup in the background. Um, two vertical screens. I'm very curious about how you use them and uh doJustin Narracott: uh dashboards and they're normally just running dashboards and stuff.  
00:02:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: youJustin Narracott: So, I've got I've got a big sort of curved screen in front of me. I've got another screen up there. I've got another screen up there. I've got two screens over there and two behind me. So,Hassaan Ahmad: all right interesting amazing wellJustin Narracott: there's always loads of stuff going on on the screens.Hassaan Ahmad: uh you know one day I would love to see your setup. I'm I'm a geek as well.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: uh the best actually the guy that who's my co-founder I knew that you know he and I would click when I went to his house on a random you know how you get together with friends and stuff I saw a 42 inch curved screen and I was like dude you're myJustin Narracott: No, I've I've only got this one's only a 34. It's not a 42, but but I' I've you know, so I swapped from sort of two 27s to a 34. And and as much as I love the 34,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Justin Narracott: I I think I'm less efficient on the 34 than I was on the 227s.  
00:03:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: it's one screen. I think the two screens that physical separation forces you to be more efficient.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: On the bigger screen, you're just moving around screens. And you know, if like me, you like working in full screen on some of those things, it just takes thatJustin Narracott: Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. But that but that's also where it's useful to have one.Hassaan Ahmad: away.Justin Narracott: So that one's busy. So there's a um Claude code is busy doing something on that one at the minute. So I can keep an eye onHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Justin Narracott: it.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Good stuff. Justin, I know we booked this for 30 minutes. Do you have a stop or are youJustin Narracott: Yeah. Uh no,Hassaan Ahmad: flexible?Justin Narracott: we're we're not not until I've got a flight to Glasgow on Sunday afternoon. So that's that's my nextHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Justin Narracott: appointment.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, that that's good and you know it allows us to be flexible.  
00:04:22
 Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But hey, I looked at as you do before the meeting. I was looking at your profile and I was genuinely very curious to uh to know what made you bookJustin Narracott: Go.Hassaan Ahmad: the call. You know, you saw a post, so I could see that that bit that you saw a post, got curious, book that I'm generally curiousJustin Narracott: Yes. So,Hassaan Ahmad: about.Justin Narracott: it's I'm I'm naturally inquisitive about what other people are up to and things like that and and I'm also very happy to share what I'm up to. Um my current role even though I do god knows how many jobs like everybody else, but the my my sort of core role of over the last sort of four years has been as the MD of Step Five. So to take step step five was acquired um by a large group and so I stepped in as the MD to help stabilize to help sort of transition it into the group. So that's that's all complete and I actually finish on Tuesday.  
00:05:21
 Justin Narracott: Um you know end end of the month that's that's the end of that one. uh which whilst I've been doing some other stuff on the side, I haven't really broken cover on the other stuff yet because well, out of respect to the guys that I've been doing stuff for and respect for their clients and things like that. So, so I haven't sort of totally broken cover. Um but yeah, that's um I should probably say what it is I've been doing, shouldn't I? So, so I've set up um um I guess you call it an AI dev shop. Um I'm trying to move away from advisory, but I keep getting sucked more and more into advice,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: you know, it's it's it's what people want from me. They want my the IP in my brains as opposed to the IP in my product, I think. So, but I'm trying to do trying to do both at the same time on the um the IP in my brain uh from an advisory perspective. So, I do direct advisory, but I'm also now in partnership with companies like head of AI.  
00:06:29
 Justin Narracott: I don't know if you've heard of them. So, I'm one of their um one of their fractional sort of chief AI officers, although again I can't really go public on that until sort of Tuesday. um um and doing like I say a lot of sort of head of AI typeHassaan Ahmad: Great enough.Justin Narracott: advisory um into organizations that are trying to move away from uh let's call it experimentation to to to actually doing something that an investment is going to come along you know that they're going to be able to invest in and get a um um you know something back for that investment. Uh, also working with AI companies, so those that are putting AI product out there and things to basically I I would tend to say move them from that sort of lovable pock type thing into into something that's production worthy and and will actually stand um stand up. uh trying to ensure that I don't tell them their baby is ugly from an architectural or code perspective. Um I started my career 40 years ago, nearly 40 years ago now at at Microsoft.  
00:07:47
 Justin Narracott: So I'm a sort of developer guy in in all the way back in the background and have I've um always been interested in in dev and you know so I went through the um daily bit. We I mean we started off with things like daily build was the the first big one that hit sort of development life cycles and stuff before there was anything such as a development life cycle. So I've been involved right the way from that through all of the maturity of um sort of software architecture enterprise architecture uh SDLC's whether you're working with agile waterfall whatever it might be into um sort of infrastructure infrastructure as code you know that right everything um from as I say from being the sort of starting as the janitor if you like you know sweeping the floor um all the way up to actually running the companies or or or running major sort of government accounts and things. So, it's a it's a broad it's a deep and broad experience in the um in anything sort of sort of technology or transformation related. Um and and I enjoy it.  
00:08:59
 Justin Narracott: Yeah. I'm a bit like you. I'm a geek at heart and um with all of that experience and all of the let's call it time served, I have seen every wave that you know my career has been like you know Hawaii or something. I've seen all of the waves, you know, the big ones, the small ones, the the ones that didn't actually result in anything. Um I think we're in an interesting wave at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: you know, it's another wave of hype that uh that we've got.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Um unfortunately people uh have sort of set themselves up for a position where many organizations lack um credible IT in the organization just because it is for certainlyHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: for the last 10 years if if not say 15 years maybe you know since the whole sort of outsourcing and then offshoring um type decisions were taken. taken it has been perceived as a cost center and it's like okay so how can we squeeze that cost center as much as possible but still everybody's laptops work and and and and stuff like that whereas now you know and they've from an outsourcing perspective not just outsourcing the the roles but even you know the the whole advent of cloud they don't even own their own tin anymore you know they don't they don't even know how the cloud works you know they they have no understanding Um I interestingly with the  
00:10:34
 Justin Narracott: um HRD of a major corporate and I mean major major major corporation that that that works in technology um pulled me to one side about a year ago just after I'd given a a talk to them and uh said to me look you you get all of this stuff. I don't get all of this stuff, but you get all of this stuff just like wi with the cloud. How does the stuff get up there? And and you are like, you know, and but this is like, you know, for a big client, for a ma massive organization, so I I couldn't have the same response as you there, you know, I had to be like really kind of bite my tongue and then try and helpfully explain it in a way that they can understand.Hassaan Ahmad: Good.Justin Narracott: I think they were still a bit confused. But you know that anyway the like I said take taking all of that and then understanding how you sort of um help organizations who are now running around say with the AI hype and don't understand that actually what you're talking about isn't AI.  
00:11:42
 Justin Narracott: You know you're you're using the phrase AI but what you probably mean is is integration on stuff you've already got. Yeah. or or lack of process in your organization. Um you've got to put the process in so you can automate it, you know, and then from a level of automation you can start to build the maturity to properly use AI,Hassaan Ahmad: Oh.Justin Narracott: you know that but organizations don't understand it and and most or or don't have the capability in house to be able to do that. So they need they need help. Yeah. and and they need practical help, not KPMG to come along and charge them 250 grand and give them a an amazing beautifully printed bound deck or whatever of you know in in an ideal world it would all look like this and for them to then sit and which will cost them millions and millions to actually ever achieve to sit down and read it if they do understandHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: it. the best they're likely to do is put it in a drawer and have sort of board plausible deniability that oh yeah, you know, it was KPMG, you know, KPMG said this or PWC said this or or whoever it is.  
00:12:54
 Justin Narracott: um but not actually have the um you know so they've got the best strategy, the best maturity model, the best everything in all all in this wonderfully banned thing, but you know even with the best strategy in the world, it's not going to help you if you have no execution capability. Yeah, you you still got to execute the thing. You still got to make it real. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: It's got to be instantiated and and run for for something to come real. So, so I do tend to spend an awful lot of time with execs in businesses helping them understand that and helping peel back say some of the hype and the the noise around things into into much more practical and pragmatic ways that they can start to do things based on what they have available to them today. And you know, I'm I'm the first person to say, don't ever call any of this a transformation program. Yeah. You you're not trying to transform. You're not a you know, at the at the end of the day, you are not a caterpillar that is trying to turn into a butterfly.  
00:14:01
 Justin Narracott: Yeah. If you're a caterpillar, you're still going to be a caterpillar after this. You're not going to transform or metamorphosize into something else.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: You know what what you need to start thinking about is where is the where is the pain in your organization? Where is the friction that you live with every day?Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: And you don't need somebody from outside to come and tell you what that friction is. Everybody in your organization, every single one of them will tell you what that friction is because they work with it every day. They might have a different viewpoint of it or something, but I guarantee you can go to into a finance department and accounts receivable will tell you, "Yeah, it takes us 10 days at the end of the month to to to tie all of this up or whatever." It's like, well, hold on a minute. It shouldn't take any time at all. You know, you receive everything electronically. You pay everything electronically.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:14:55
 Justin Narracott: Yes, you need a human somewhere there to approve it or to approve the final thing before you push the button. But why do you need all these people? Oh, well, Fred needs a report. And that that report means that I've got to take all of these spreadsheets over there, and I've got to match them to all of these POS that are over there in that system, which I've then got to match um to the uh to the vendor invoices and stuff like It's like, why have you got to do it? Why? What? Oh, well, I I think that's part of my job. It's like, well, is it really? You know,Hassaan Ahmad: HoldJustin Narracott: is that is that what you're are you actually paid? Does somebody pay you £45,000 a year to copy out of one cell in ExcelHassaan Ahmad: on.Justin Narracott: into another one? You know, is that and and just trying to use sort of examples like that. And then I think people do tend to get it that you, you know, you're not going to replace the guy who's doing the copy paste or whatever in accounts receivable with some AI that is then going to do the copy paste because if you are  
00:15:57
 Hassaan Ahmad: Huh?Justin Narracott: that's not going to work. I can tell you now. And actually you don't need an AI to do it because it's all deterministic. There is no context that needs to be applied there. There's no nothing is probabilistic. It is all deterministic. You need that system to talk to that system to talk to that system. They need to talk together. If you want to report, oh, look, you're in Azure already. You want to report and you've got an E5 license. Why aren't you using PowerBI? Yeah. You know, try and join up the things for them.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Mhm.Justin Narracott: Um especially where so I had a I'm a very large um inter from a large organization who have a very large internal legal team. Um, and so one of the things they came to me with was, well, we've been quoted,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: I think they were quoted 400 grand for some, um, basically AI agents that weren't even proper AI agents.  
00:16:58
 Justin Narracott: I mean, like skinned bloody GPT type agents. Um, 400 grand for this and it was going to help them scale. And so I said, "Okay, so what?" I sat down with their entire in-house legal team and I said, "So, what do you spend most of your day doing now?" You know, is it is it on contract analysis or contract review or something? It's like, "No, not not not really. That's that's kind of quite the easy bit. So, what do you spend your time on then?" Well, chasing contracts around the organization, you know, like who's got the contract now? You know, somebody somebody has emailed us a contract. We've then got to take it, analyze it, email it back to them, um, to make, you know, with the red line stuff for them to pass on to the, you know, the customer or whatever. And it's like, well, what what happens then? Well, more often than not,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: nothing. You know, we receive a contract, we send it to some, and then it's like they ghost us, you know, they just sort of disappear.  
00:17:53
 Justin Narracott: We don't know if the the customer signed it or the customers agreed to the changes or something, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: most of the time we don't. It's like, okay, so so what you're telling me is you don't you don't have um a contract life cycle. Um you don't have uh oversight or control of your contract life cycle. You don't have um a front door to do it because somebody emailing you stuff randomly is not a front door. Yeah. So you don't have a front door for something to come in. you don't have OAS with all of the stakeholders that are involved there that right you know I'm going to take if you put something in the front door we will give it back to you within two days or something but you have to respond within blah blah blah what whatever and I said and all of that can be automated really really simple you know but what we're talking about is putting in a process and then putting some automation on it these guys were a Microsoft house as well and I said so have you got a shareoint well actually yeah we didn't really trust that.  
00:18:53
 Justin Narracott: So, we've got a we've got a um a file server and it's like, okay, so all of your contracts come in and go out via um Outlook at the moment in your Azure tenency and you're saying you don't trust that Azure tenency to store them.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: It's like but they're already stored there. the history of them is already stored there across the emails and things you know set up. I said with again with your licensing you know and again trying to help people how you can do things. So for these guys to do to do all of that there was actually zero cost because all they had to do is build a SharePoint site put the Microsoft contract management um wrapper which Microsoft did for free. Yeah, they they actually give that for free.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Drop that on top. Um, migrate from and they can even keep the same structure in their file server at the moment. They're sort of Oh, well, it's on prem. I mean, I went to have a look.  
00:19:50
 Justin Narracott: What do you mean it's on prem? It's not even in a f****** data cabinet, you know. It's a it's an old Dell server under somebody's desk, you know, in the IT room. It's um No, no, no, guys. You This is what you do. your cost of doing that is nothing and you've taken away your biggest pain point asHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: opposed to 400 grand you were about to throw against the wall which wasn't going to doHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: anything and if you do want to start putting AI in fine you you upgrade your um as once you've got it settled as a life cycle you just go to you know you've got Microsoft syntax in there and so you pay an extra for your team of sort of eight people you pay an extra7 pound a month licensing to have the AI that's actually already in the system you know on top of everything you know so but the like I say the the conversations are always interestingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: it does make me tend to think that there's a lot of dumb people out there who get paid an awful lot of money um who also talk very authoritatively about things and  
00:20:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: you know most of the time you can work Um, sorry, I take one step back. What you want in that sort of situation is you want the person who's written the book. Yeah. You don't want the person who's just read the book or even worse, you don't want the person who's read the summary of the book or a book overview or somebody else's book overview that has an opinion on the book.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: You know, you want the person who wrote the book. Um, and when when I'm dealing with experts, that's what I want. I want I you know find me the guy who wrote the book, not the not the guy who did the book review. Um and but there's so many of them out there that you're lucky if they've just managed to read the book review. Yeah. And don't have a don't have an idea. And apologies, I've been talking for about 20 minutes on me um on uh it's I put it down. So it's been a very long week and it's nearly the end of the week.  
00:21:56
 Justin Narracott: Shall I hand the mic over to youHassaan Ahmad: All right. Um,Justin Narracott: now?Hassaan Ahmad: it was so refreshing hearing you talk because I've been so how you describe yourself and your experience.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I've been the same but on the sales and the GTM side not with a 40-yearJustin Narracott: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: experience so forth but again joined as a juniorJustin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: associate account manager grew through the ranks of some of the world's largest companies seen aJustin Narracott: Mhm. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: whole lot of crap just go down which doesn't make sense andJustin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: my last four years with Annoplan we're dealing with situations exactly as you describedJustin Narracott: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: really smart people with really big budgets who have no idea what they're doing, you know, and eventually KPMG comes in,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, charges them 250k plus, you know, an ongoing commitment for a shared or sorry, a managed service. Before you know it, you're,Justin Narracott: Yeah.  
00:23:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: you know, 3.5 million in and nothing really to show for it. Then you get PWC to clean up the mess and,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, give you another strategy deck and so forth.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's just um it was just really refreshing hearing you talk. So yeah, look um I'm you on the GTM side.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I I went through the same motions and just realized that there's so much bad advice out there. Everybody sounds really authoritative when they're on LinkedIn and you know they're talking about stuff and so forth,Justin Narracott: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: but you lift up the hood and nobody can really back.Justin Narracott: they can't back it up.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And I just felt that there was a clear need like you clear need and opportunityJustin Narracott: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: in the market to just productize what I do. You know,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the IP that's in my head, the skills that I've learned and perfected over 15 years. um you know just the methodologies and the frame of mind that helped me succeed  
00:24:02
 Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and you know selling seven eight figure deals.Justin Narracott: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I could do the same for pretty much anyone who wants to sell stuff,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, and there's a whole lot of people who who want to who have a great idea but have no idea how to take it toJustin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: market or they do know how to take it to market but it's all founder.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So there's a ceiling that they hit and if they're doing that then they can't focus on soJustin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: either your product side or your sales the moment you try to do both there's a ceiling that's just what itJustin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: is.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So I just said all right you know what I can remove that ceiling in a way that's cost effective that is scalable and once I start working with people they realize thatJustin Narracott: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: hey you know what that's actually someone that I can trust to do this with like I have a founder that I'm  
00:24:48
 Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: working with now just told me hey you know what I trust you enough to give you my LinkedIn I was like dude that's yours don't give that to me but you knowJustin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: people just get to that point where they see that expertise coming through and so forth.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So yeah, so that's what I do.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um started in stealth mode early last year,Justin Narracott: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: so January last year after doing like 15 years corporate sales. Um got an insane response from the markets. So went full-time start of this year and since then it's been upwards andJustin Narracott: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: onwards.Justin Narracott: Oh, brilliant. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: so, so one of the reasons for reaching out is um, so I have a number of products in various sort of states at the moment that um, uh, are I think well suited for the market needs at the moment. Um and I have tend and I have architected them purposely to be non-SAS um to actually be so for example most of the products I I start off with as um ensuring they're Azure native and so with them being Azure native it's  
00:26:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: All right,Justin Narracott: um it's a case of it gets deployed into um a customer's tenency um you know so when when you start looking at any of the sort of IT or tech or AI type products the vast majority will be sort of like a versal frontHassaan Ahmad: man.Justin Narracott: end or something like that. Somebody has to upload something or do something like that. The immediate objections you start to get then would be say from I don't know the CIO or the CISO or something. It's like where's our data going? Blah blah blah. You know, what's happening to it? But you know, all of those normal sort of rejections. So, we're starting off with saying, I'm going to build things that live in their teny. Yeah. The um the the benefits are exponential.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: So, for example, if something lives in their tenency, you remove all those objections, you know. So, somebody coming along and saying, well, have you got ISO 27,01? It's like, well, I don't know.  
00:27:11
 Justin Narracott: Have you? You know, because it's it's it's we're going to put it in your house. Yeah. It's going to live inside your house. So, as secure as your house is, if your house if the back door of your house is left open all the time, you know, you're you're you're bringing risk in.Hassaan Ahmad: It's it's the AI version or rather the 2026 version of an on-prem deployment.Justin Narracott: Um, exact. Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: Basically,Justin Narracott: which is which is what people always want because they can oh well we've got control you know so that but like I say the the sort of benefits and things like that then is like well well hasHassaan Ahmad: OfJustin Narracott: it got single sign on of course it has it's working on your entra you know it's not just single sign on I don't have it it doesn't have its own authentication system it works with the MicrosoftHassaan Ahmad: course,Justin Narracott: one you know works with entra um so single sign on two-factor authentication blah blah blah blah it's it's all built in because it's point of view.  
00:28:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: everythingJustin Narracott: Um, so it allows it to leverage all of that sort of stuff, but also on the basis of that and there's there's an AWS world as well, but the the Azure one is pro I mean Azure is probably 80% of you know the um of organizations anyway uh or certainlyHassaan Ahmad: Huh?Justin Narracott: mature organizations. Now also if you you're working in in Azure in their um in their world you can start to make use of their existing licensing. So for example and how that works is well it doesn't need its own messaging system. It just works natively with Teams. So it integrates natively with Teams via Microsoft Graph sorry Microsoft Graph.Hassaan Ahmad: H.Justin Narracott: So anything that any messaging that's needed in or out from a messagingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: perspective works natively with graph and that with teams and through graph and they have control of it. So you don't actually need to build oh well we've got to message people oh well we need to know who we're messaging what it's it's in there already.  
00:29:14
 Justin Narracott: It's all all already set up thanks to Microsoft.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Likewise, um let's say you want to do um I don't know something graphical with charts and things like that. Well, I don't need to use charts IO or build a custom chart pack or something. You got PowerBI. It's already in there. So, it just leverages what's actually already in there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Justin Narracott: You know, with their existing licensing and things, they're already paying for that stuff. You're just packaging it around whatever it is that that you're giving them.Hassaan Ahmad: it's just Yeah.Justin Narracott: um email integration is native, SharePoint integration is native. All this stuff then starts to become native um and controlled through their standard security policies, PII policies, all of that is actually then in place. Yeah, you don't have to duplicate anything because it's all in place and all becomes inherited. the um the the other sort of things where you start to get some real significant wins from that type of architecture as well is then um uh if you're using AI for example, you just go through Foundry.  
00:30:20
 Justin Narracott: Yeah. So any AI calls and stuff like that, you know, well, how do we know you're you know the AI you're using in your product isn't being used to training or whatever. No, it's going through Foundry. going through everything else that you're doing as a business within your um within your domain within your teny will go that way.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Sorry, I hope I'm not getting too technical and stuff, but um so so it gives them all of the controls and and and everything like that, but also then from a product perspective, all I have to do is ensure that that particular product stays aligned with the say the Azure rules and and things like that, which is very very easy to do.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: And I now have a product that costs me nothing to host because it's all part of their bill. Um, I have a product that cost me um nothing. I I don't care about consumption.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: It's going through their bill. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:31:18
 Justin Narracott: If they use it five time make five calls a day or 50,000, it makes no odds to me.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: You know, they can use it as much as they want. So, so I don't have to have say like um you know, most most people who are building this sort of stuff that they're on SAS. Oh, well, we got to limit them to fair usage. We got to do this, we got to do that. we got to now charge them 99 pounds a month or whatever as opposed to 29 pound a month because of blah blah blah blah blah. It scales automatically on on anything that they're doing and stuff and the cost ofHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Justin Narracott: that scaling is on their MicrosoftHassaan Ahmad: I love that because what you've done is you've given them another wayJustin Narracott: bill.Hassaan Ahmad: to use their committed spend.Justin Narracott: Well, this is where it gets even better. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Justin Narracott: so you've got the the license.Hassaan Ahmad: it's so amazing.Justin Narracott: So, so, so, so you can take that on the licensing.  
00:32:13
 Justin Narracott: Yeah. So, they're they're maximizing their use of licensing.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: So, so for example, if um let's say my AI um needs to do so, so one of the things so there's a legal product here. So, as this is part of it around contract management, the uh the legal analysis and things like that. So it's not a case of well you have to sort of push your your document to the illegal analysis tool. The legal analysis tool sits inside word. Yeah. You push a button in word and it works.Hassaan Ahmad: Love it.Justin Narracott: Yeah. Because where do they normally do that job?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: They do it in Word. Yeah. So you so so rather than saying bring me your data or bring me your problem, I'm going to bring the solution to you where you work where you normally work. There's no new interface to learn or anything like that. It's like you normally work in there. So um for example, if you when you run the review, it doesn't give you a it it it doesn't actually give you then like a a list of all of the problems or anything.  
00:33:22
 Justin Narracott: It works with standard sort of word formatting and things and it actually gives you your littleHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: bubbles in the thing. You can click with it's it's in essence done your markup for you inside Word how you would normally do markup. You can click through accept, reject, keep typing, whatever, change, tweak it, whatever. And like I say, that's one part of sort of one of the tools,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: but it it sort of highlights how you can bring everything really really close to them. And and like I say,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: when you when you want the AI to um to notify them of something or whatever, you know, you have things like teams, you have the blah blah blah, all of these sorts of ways,Hassaan Ahmad: What?Justin Narracott: which is what they work with um with today. Um and using their existing license spend to do that.Hassaan Ahmad: Uhhuh.Justin Narracott: Now as as you rightly say from a commitment perspective most enterprise licenses come with um an as your commitment expectation as well you know so so you negotiate yourself a deal with Microsoft and it's like okay so we've bought I don't know 300 licenses for for our sort of organization and so it'll say 300 licenses plus you're going to spend however much as an Azure commitment that Azure commitment is for you then to burn down.  
00:34:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Yeah, it's it's the Microsoft are going to take the money now from that as your commitment.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: You can use it straight away for the hosting and and things like that. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: what what is actually happening now is it's not costing you anything. Now, if I can get what I'm trying to work with um some guys at Microsoft on at the moment and that the problem is they're so slow is to actually have say some of these products sat inside the Azure marketplace which means they can buy them from Microsoft. Yeah. They they actually buy them from Microsoft.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: They don't buy them from me. They buy them from Microsoft. Microsoft builds them and pays me. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: That's so that's the that's the approach I'm trying to take with, you know, from building enterprise products.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: Now, um hopefully you can look at that as a business model and you start to think that's actually pretty f****** smart.  
00:35:44
 Justin Narracott: Yeah. Because all all I've done is packaged up some IP, put it inside in inside where they're already working and and practically given it to them for freeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: except I get paid.Hassaan Ahmad: And yeah, I mean I've this is what I've done for the past like four or five years and there's just man there's so many benefits. You don't have to worry about procurement. You don't have to worry about vendor onboarding anything else.Justin Narracott: No.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I mean I love it. I I love it.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So you get it on Microsoft. How how are people going to find you? That's that's theJustin Narracott: Well, that's that's that's hence why we have conversations like this. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: next.Justin Narracott: So and and hence why I'm sort of explaining at length the sort of thing and and how it works and stuff so you can start to think okay so so how how do you actually truly do the go to market and stuff like that around there because I think from a go to market perspective what um what  
00:36:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: we're probably taking out of the go to market bit is the whole sales closing piece you know it it's it's all about um it it's well I believe most of The effort then is actually awareness. Yeah. Making people aware of the of the things and and stuff like that because the the close has just become extremely easy. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: How you how you pricingJustin Narracott: In as your marketplace they push a button.Hassaan Ahmad: it?Justin Narracott: Um that's an interesting thing as well. Um because I'm not entirely sure yet. So I'm working with some some early adopters and and what I want to be so on on the the tool that I think is or the product that I think is best suited working withHassaan Ahmad: Is that signal break or something else that we're talking about?Justin Narracott: some early sorry oh no soHassaan Ahmad: Is that signal break or something else?Justin Narracott: signal breaks just up there as a SAS product the yeah this is something else yeahHassaan Ahmad: Okay, this is something else.  
00:37:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: This is the contract intelligence.Justin Narracott: that I haven't broken cover on yet um the uh signal breaks a whole otherHassaan Ahmad: Okay, fine.Justin Narracott: thing that I'm I can talk to you about.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: But um so on the um on on this particular product which isHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: basically legal portfolio management. Yeah. Right. The way through from your contracts, but it gives you visibility of your entire portfolio, everything that's changing in the portfolio, whether that's a change that's or a change event that is driven by by you or or or your team or your you know your business or your team. whether it's driven by a vendor or a landlord or something like that or whether it's driven by market forces um or legal or compliance um you know legislative orHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: compliance changes. So all of those um signals are actually then um adjusted and assessed inside a portfolio viewer which basically tells you what's going on, tells you where your risks are changing and suggests you what it is that you need to do and can continue to drive those forward.  
00:38:50
 Justin Narracott: So for example with that the portfolio view is made up of it uses Microsoft Planner because it's already in there. Why am I going to build Gant charts and stuff like that when Microsoft's already got one in there that that people are usedHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: to using that is actually an an inherent built part of Microsoft Teams.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: You know that it it's all the Micros is basically making maximum use of everything they really pay for it today.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Um and all of the capability that's there.Hassaan Ahmad: AllJustin Narracott: Now the the like I say how much to charge for it uhHassaan Ahmad: right.Justin Narracott: to your your question on that I honestly don't know and the reason that I don't know is I'm at a point where it's very difficult to quantify the value that's being given. Everybody recognizes values being given. Um but it's not it's not a it's it's not as simple as oh well if you use this you can get rid of three heads or if you do Yeah.  
00:39:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: So it's because you know risk how do you sell risk mitigation? Yeah. It's it's really really difficult to sell risk mitigation.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Um everybody wants it but how do you actually sell it to them? Because risk mitigation more often than not is one of those things that people haven't got in the budget. Yeah. So, so trying to sell them something that there isn't a direct line in the budget starts to become difficult. Now um after running it like I say with these um um with these early adopters so they're giving me lots of feedback and stuff like that that and as you can see I'm I'm quite an analytical sort of systems type person that will allow us to then um produce sort of case studies that say right by using this this was the financial benefit that it brought And then once you've got a financial benefit number as a asHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: a as an end point, you can work back from that and say, well, how much would you be prepared to pay to get that as a financial benefit?  
00:41:02
 Justin Narracott: So costwise uh to customers at this point in time, that's one of the things that I haven't got a straight answer. I've got ideas, but I haven't got a straight answer.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. What are you discussing? Like what's the ballpark of? So ballpark and also is that a one-time spend or a monthly spend?Justin Narracott: monthly.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: So, so I think products like that have to be monthly. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: UhJustin Narracott: you know, whilst you're whilst you're paying for the IP, um, you know, you're in in effect renting it, um,Hassaan Ahmad: yeah,Justin Narracott: as opposed to owning it.Hassaan Ahmad: gotcha. And your rationale for that obviously is that you ensure that it's Azure compatible. You know, you provide patches, fixes, etc., etc. Okay,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that's good. Um ballparkJustin Narracott: Um, it's it's going to be somewhere and and I think again dependent on the size and complexity of the organization, it's probably somewhere between a thousand and 5,000 a month.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.  
00:42:18
 Justin Narracott: And that's why it's difficult at the moment to um and I'm working with the uh the sort of the early adopters to try and work that out.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: And it might be that we start really at the bottom end of that because obviously once it's deployed, once it's in there, it it it kind of runs on its own and and and stuff like that, you know, it's not the actual maint.Hassaan Ahmad: becomeJustin Narracott: Yeah. So,Hassaan Ahmad: sticky.Justin Narracott: if I've got 50 with 50 at a,000 a month versus um uh 10 at 5,000 a month or whatever,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: it the the difference isn't huge in effort to actually supportHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: them.Hassaan Ahmad: And is that so I assume that's not per user. So is that for the organization to use that capability in that sense?Justin Narracott: Well, that that's another question that that's sort of out there at the moment is how many people wouldHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: need access to to something like this and um and also then how would you control that access if you once you once you open it up inside inside  
00:43:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Azure it's you can audit how many people are using it but obviously theyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: they're doing it in Azure through Azure entra and stuff like that. So um and deployment goes then through say the uh Microsoft 365 admin center and like I say as much as you can get audits and and reports and stuff off it they could give it to everybody in the organization. Now clearly they're not going to because it's going to have legal stuff in there and things like that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: So it's going to be a a smaller group. I mean one one so for example one of the things that it does you can dump theHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: um you can from an acquisition perspective you can dump everything from a data room in there and it'll sift all of the contracts and it'll tell you um you know whereHassaan Ahmad: Huh?Justin Narracott: the risks are in the contracts what are the points that you would actually want to negotiateHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: with the with the vendor as part of those risks or what are the things say like on a property  
00:44:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: lease actually you want you need to get the vendor to agree this with the landlord to derisk this or potentially it's going to cost you say 250 grand so you need to factor that into your buy price. So it, like I say, it's a it's a legal Swiss Army knife that um that manages the entire legalHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. And I think there's a there's a natural whatJustin Narracott: portfolio.Hassaan Ahmad: should I call it? There's there's there's a natural cap on that as well. You know that most legal teams would be a certain size for a certain organization.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You could you could price it in a way that protects your downside, protects you against exploitation,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but also gives them gives your buyer the comfort and the predictability that they need to put that in the budget.Justin Narracott: Yeah. and and you know the idea is to help in-house legal to well from when I talk to chiefHassaan Ahmad: So,Justin Narracott: counsels the idea is to help them get control help them get visibility um uh help them pull the the sort of in-house legal team together for people like the chief counsel for people like the chief counsel or even senior internal legal team members to add value to the business as opposed to being transactional  
00:45:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: Huh?Justin Narracott: robots you know It's just like if you're the chief counsel, it's and the number that I've spoken to and everything. I said, "You're the chief counsel." So, you sit on the board meetings. So, you have an opinion around everything that's going on in the in the business and stuff, but how much of your time, you know, your real time is is being spent on the strategic activities of the businessHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Justin Narracott: versus the transactional activities? you know, how how many of your peers treat you like,Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely.Justin Narracott: oh, I've got a contract, or I'll have a read of it, or actually, I'm going to send it off to to them. That that's their job. They deal with that and stuff like that. The um the the opportunity for themHassaan Ahmad: AllJustin Narracott: to add greater value to the board, I think I think is greater. But the I think one of the things if you look at like um say some of the Harvard life cycle type studies across um across business maturity and the age of business you know so they'll say um Harvard will'll sort of tell  
00:46:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: right.Justin Narracott: you that the age of a business it starts off with a business being run by a founder. Yeah. And then after after it's been run by a founder for a while, it will tend to be well led by a founder for a while,Hassaan Ahmad: What theJustin Narracott: it will then tend to be um led and run by a general manager. Yeah. For more general management sort of business type things.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: And then it'll move into a phase where it's run by sales. Sales will actually run that business.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Um but it'll come out of that period where sales is running the business and accountants will run the business and the last bit in in that life cycle in that maturity life cycle is when lawyers run the business and and this is after Harvard studying like god knows how many businesses and stuff and finding patterns but that is a you know a typical pattern that um a business will go go through on its sort of maturity journey.  
00:47:51
 Justin Narracott: And it might be it's it's stuck in one particular area for decades or whatever, but it will go on to the um to the other one. And sometimes you go very quick from sort of start to being run by accountants and then being run by lawyers because everything starts going wrong very very quickly.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: But a but a business will scale to a particular size that the accountants take over and once the accountants take over the next people are theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Justin Narracott: lawyers.Hassaan Ahmad: look, I, you know, I instinctively get the product and I can see the need for it because I've been on the well,Justin Narracott: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I've been on both sides too many times.Justin Narracott: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and I think the time to do this is now as well because what you're effectively describing is and and I don't want to say the wrong thing, so apologies if I don't do justice to this, but what you're effectively describing is is is is it's a skill that makes lawyers super productive, right?Justin Narracott: Yeah.  
00:48:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: It embeds into everything that they do,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: every tool that they touch and tools that they should be touching but they don't,Justin Narracott: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? It just makes them super productive.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So when I see the risk of that is that you know there's you know law firms could come up with something like that with a you know somebody has a brilliant idea that hey you know what we should probably productize this you know they could come up with that the KPMGs of the worldJustin Narracott: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: could come up with something like that as well. So although the products would not be as great because you know this is based on your deep understanding of the tech side of things whereas those guys they're all fluff and no substanceJustin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but but getting that across is is the more urgent challenge that there's a right way of doing it. Anybody can develop that skill, but it's doing that skill in the right way that optimizes the tools that you currently have without needing you to spend on additional tools and you're getting everybody a cloud back subscription or some stuff like that.  
00:50:01
 Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that's the challenge and that's the opportunity that I'm seeing over here. Nobody's going to go out and get,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't know, replace the AWS or Azure, you know, they're locked in for five yearJustin Narracott: The lock in for life that that that once you're in there,Hassaan Ahmad: contracts.Justin Narracott: you don't get out. You can maybe move from one to the other, but when you're in there, you don't getHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. So,Justin Narracott: out.Hassaan Ahmad: the only way the CISOs and the CIOS are currently looking at making their people super productive is by getting a Cloud Max subscription or a Chat GPD subscription.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And you're effectively saying, "Stop. Don't do that. That's stupid.Justin Narracott: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: There's a better way of doing it. Yeah.Justin Narracott: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So, did I get thatJustin Narracott: Yeah. Yeah. and and and I think the you know so a claude max subscription or or a GPTHassaan Ahmad: right?  
00:50:51
 Justin Narracott: subscription I mean the the challenges with that um that as people will find you will never be able to productionize that yeahHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: the so you can make all of your individuals more productive but you won't make the team more productive you'll probably end up yeah you'llHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What you're telling Yeah.Justin Narracott: probablyHassaan Ahmad: Your whole play is governance at the top, right? Like how do you govern the entire roll out so that you know nobody oh these things hallucinate, right? So how you when you when every when this is as important as touching your legalJustin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: contracts, stuff that would lock you in into liabilities and obligations for years to come,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: how do you add governance onJustin Narracott: Yeah. So, so the and again this is what what I was going to say.Hassaan Ahmad: top?Justin Narracott: So if you gave, let's say you've got a five person legal team and you gave each of them a Claude Max subscription, I can guarantee each of them will have a go at trying to build tools to help them do their job.  
00:51:54
 Justin Narracott: Um the overlap across all of those tools will be large,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: but but none of the tools will be the same. um they won't that there isn't a way for them then to actually giveHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: those tools necessarily to each other in a joined up way. So So even if you and even if they honed in on right this is our contract analysis tool. Yeah. Because because Fred over there has made the best contract analysis tool. We've done a we've done a beauty parade. Fred won best.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: So everybody now needs to use Fred's. And it's like, okay, but the context in um Fred's Claude Max tool, even with re uh Claude MDs and readme.md with whatever skills files, however well he builds it and however well they duplicate that, you have still now got five different AIs or sorry, five the same AIs that will give you five different outcomes. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Justin Narracott: the they w they will not be the same.  
00:53:01
 Justin Narracott: you will not have consistency and and once you're at that point so which one of them isHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: right and how do you know it's right you know who's the judge yeah that sorry judgeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: is perhaps the the wrong word who's the who's the orchestrator or the boss of that system to then say actually that that one's coming through consistent consistently rightHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Mhm.Justin Narracott: so go back and train these ones who is going to controlHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: um those AIs when um you know we're at what what are we at now? Uh Opus 4.6. So Opus 4.7 comes along and through a tweak that um anthropic of put into Opus 4.7, it behaves slightly differently and maybe only behaves slightly differently on um three words that would normally come up in a contract or something, but it's going to be different. Yeah. So you're all of the contracts you reviewed before are now either moreHassaan Ahmad: No.Justin Narracott: right or more wrong based on what that change is that they've they've applied to the um to opus 4.7.  
00:54:08
 Justin Narracott: You have no control over that as well. Yeah. It's not like you can say oh well I'm not going to go to 4. It's going to go to f****** 4.7.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: And and if you look at the the movement in say LLMs at the moment. So they deprecate a model gets deprecated every 3 months. So if you build something today, you know, it's it's not like the the days of it of old or whatever where the life cycle like was the OS life cycle was about 18 months. Yeah, it would it would be about 18 months and then you'd probably still have about five years before they'd force you to switch it off.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: um or in the beginning it was like 10 years you know but but they've kind of brought that in because they know it brings them more money in the AI world it's three months yeah so um they they as as the models are coming out the tail behind is getting switched off switched off switched off so you have to have something that can handle that control as well so it's not just how do you deploy to production but that can can actually handle the change that is actually coming in. Yeah.  
00:55:15
 Justin Narracott: Because you're constantly under change. And I think a lot of people don't understand that with AI is it will be constantly under change. It's in constant flux.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Um and some and a lot of the changes when you look at what's going on now are not down to model capability. they they've um and and again I don't know how sort of AI up to date and everything you are but if you you can go back about 12 months about 12 months ago models started reaching a uh let's call it an IQ not that I like anthroorphicizing them but let's call it an IQ yeah something that can be measured so they started reaching an IQ of between frontier models yeah like I mean GPT3 dot sort of GPT sort of 3.5 was the first one that sort of tripped over into this area. Um, and you're talking about an IQ when they test them from an IQ perspective depending what test you do between 130 and 150. Yeah, that was like I say 12 months ago 130 and 150. All these changes in AI and everything like that that we've had from the frontier models that number hasn't changed.  
00:56:31
 Justin Narracott: yet they are not any cleverer. The model has not got cleverer at all. It is still at exactly that same level. What has happened uh again for all sorts of reasons. They've changed the interface. They made the interface easier to work with. They've you know if you if you use let's say you use claude a lot if you're using cord a lot you'll find hold on a minute it's not f****** crashing all the time with context um compactions and stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: It will now the interface will tell you whereas in the past it would sort of like go into a compaction and then it's like oh f***Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: what what's it going to remember when it comes out of it. Now they've changed the wording on that slightly and they've um changed how the interface behaves so they just say tell you Claude has run out of time to work on this toolHassaan Ahmad: Yep.Justin Narracott: or some wording like that. Yeah, it's exactly the same thing that it was doing before,  
00:57:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: Wow.Justin Narracott: but now they've slowed down the event to to better control it through the through the user interface. Um, GPT, so Open AI has spent a massive amount of time, I God knows why they've done this. They spent a massive amount of time trying to work on the EQ of their model, you know. So chat GPT well chat GPT will even ask you now do you like this personality? You know they're trying to give it personality.Hassaan Ahmad: Trying too hard to pleaseJustin Narracott: Yeah but it's it's so f******Hassaan Ahmad: you.Justin Narracott: annoying if you use it but but that is inbaked into the model and the trainings and stuff on the model.Hassaan Ahmad: AllJustin Narracott: Likewise, say um Microsoft which you know if you think of say copilot and copilot is just a I mean all it is is um is chat GPT underneath itHassaan Ahmad: right.Justin Narracott: um but with a wrapper that Microsoft have put on it to behave how they want it and have the guardrails how they want it on the on the Microsoft desktop.  
00:58:31
 Justin Narracott: Um so so they have stopped. Yeah. As much as people say, "Oh, AI is coming, you know, it's moving so fast." No, it's not. Yeah. In the in the last certainly in the last 12 months, AI has got no cleverer. So, anybody that starts running around saying, "Oh, AGI is nearly here and blah blah blah. They're going to be sentient and this that and the other." They're not getting cleverer.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: It's a very AI that we use today with large language models is a guessing machine. It's a very very good guessing machine.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Uh the challenge is it's not getting better at guessing. What is actually happening is it's getting different in how it tells you the answer.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: That's that's the change we're seeing today.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Justin Narracott: So so to back to the point about you know even all these organizations that are at that say experimental level and think oh we're going to give everybody chat GPT uh co-pilot or GPT or whatever and they're going to build agents.  
00:59:28
 Justin Narracott: It's like you can't deploy them. They're not you can't put them into production. you you know they yes they will help somebody be a bit more effective orHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: whatever at what they do but they can't do a corporate role you know um youHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. That's what it is, right?Justin Narracott: can't train them you can'tHassaan Ahmad: And it's attack that it's detect that story repeating itself again. where people are going to go. I think I I did a post on this which which got really interesting responses. It's like Excel 30 years ago when people got Excel. Everybody thought,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: hey, this was a great unlock. We can build our own models, blah blah blah. We can design our own tools.Justin Narracott: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I've spent the last four years replacing Excel really clunky, you know, daisy chained Excel models that somebody built and left the company five years ago.Justin Narracott: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Nobody even knows what the context is, you know, how this works,  
01:00:18
 Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that people are scared to touch it. That's exactly what's going to happen. But it's going to happen so much faster because people's ability to do stuff is getting faster.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And there's that that feeling that, you know, people just feel like they're smarter with AI, you know, and they they just so much more capable. It's all going to come to a head. I think the smarter people in the industry are seeing it. So the argument is just so powerful there.Justin Narracott: Yeah. Yeah. there there's too much hype. You know, the the hundreds of trillions of dollars that have been invested in in the big AI companies, people expect a return for that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Yeah. They they're waiting for their return, you know. So, so with what we've got today,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: we're going to be stuck with it for quite a long time until there's a return. Yeah. It's like um that that that's just the reality of business.  
01:01:11
 Justin Narracott: Yeah. It's um at the end of the day it's a product um and and they're trying to make it a commodity product um and trying to give it to you everywhere uh on theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: basis that you know you will continue some sort of subscription and that that's just the way business works. But like I say on the advisory side um the line I tend to use with people is look I'm I'm here to teach you to fish not to sell you a subscription to fish I've already caught. Yeah. It's um and and I think it's really really important with businessesHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: to to start to understand that you know some of some of their and it's always complex but some of their previous um decisions around like I say treating um it as a cost center um previous decisions around um investment in that area. previous decisions around um handing out handing the keys of the of the kingdom from an IT perspective to a third party. You know, it's like, oh well, we don't we're not IT experts, you know, we're we're a whatever business.  
01:02:20
 Justin Narracott: We're not IT experts, so we don't need it doesn't need to be a core competency, so we're going to give a contract a CGI or something to run our IT. And then they're like, oh, but we need now, you know, they did that five years ago. Now it's like, "Yeah, but we need AI." Who's who in the room can talk to us about it? Oh, we got to talk to CGI and CGI will turn around and, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: but first off, they'll say, "We only do your desktop support, mate." You know, when you're we we're your MSP for, you know, the tenency,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: but that's about it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Sorry. Um, just give me one second.Justin Narracott: Sorry, I've we've been waffling for a long long time. I should letHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. But that's what happens when the conversation's interesting. Give me one second. Let me just uh Okay. Yeah,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: my wife's looking at it.  
01:03:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um Justin, I do have uh daycare pickup in like 15 minutes.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: look, the conversation's been really interesting. I instinctively get the product and what you're trying to do,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and it's what I've been doing for God knows how long. Anyway,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um I don't know if you know the the feeling is mutual and if you see that there is some alignment there that we could take the next step on.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, what does that look like for you?Justin Narracott: Well,Hassaan Ahmad: What are you thinking?Justin Narracott: I I mean, you know, for for this call, it was one of those ones that, you know, do do you do you like the culture, the you know, can you look somebody in the eye and have a conversation? Is it somebody you kind of work with? So, so I think we've, you know, hopefully we've both got past that. I think the the the next step for me is I need to get to a point that I can price something because I can't sell it without pricing it.  
01:04:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: Yeah. And and it's it's um it's always going to be challenging to to raise prices.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Um Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Especially once. Yeah.Justin Narracott: So, so also I think you know I know from like my my time on the sales side, you know, you want to be having a conversation with somebody about value. Yeah. You you don't want to be in the commodity type conversation or or or worse still in the IT world trying to sell sort of features and functions. Yeah. This it's got to be a value conversation. Um and that's why I need to be able to get to finish off um say some of these early adopters and things so that we've got case studies that because from a go to market perspect you need case studies you know you or or you're selling hype you're selling you're sellingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: PowerPoint decks.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Yeah. You're selling something that that isn't real and and most people nowadays can kind of see through that.  
01:05:08
 Justin Narracott: So um you're going to have to give me some time.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: I want to stay connected and stuff like that. Um, but you're gonna have to give me some time. When I say time, I'm talking months, not weeks. Yeah, it's probably a couple of months away to to be able to do that. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: what I would suggest is we get u um and obviously we can stay in contact and things and but get perhaps get some something in the diary for say a month's time and justHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: catch up on you know how things are going and stuff like that and and take it from there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Absolutely. I think that that sounds reasonable. um you know in a month's time the calendar is pretty empty for nowJustin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: so happy to be flexible on the pricing side ofJustin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: things. So part of what I do is work with founders technical founders mainly on the pricing strategy and the position side of things.  
01:06:04
 Justin Narracott: Yeah. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: you've obviously done this a long time, so you I'm pretty sure you know what you're doing. But if that's something you would need some help with,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: can do um so can help with that can work can build that cost of inaction business cases if you ever have the need and soJustin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: forth. Look,Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't like to sell, you know, I like it to come naturally.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: U let me know whenever you want.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think the what you're doing is so incredible and the way you're packaging it is just smart. It's just it's the smartest way I've seen somebody approach this and that only comes through years and years of experience we have. So yeah.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um should we get uh 30 minutes in maybe an hour in week of 27th April?Justin Narracott: Yeah. Yeah. 20 the day of the 27th.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: I'm in an all day workshop.  
01:07:02
 Justin Narracott: That's about the only thing that I know is happening in April. But but I'm in an all day workshop on the day of the 27th and I know that cuz I was just talking about it withHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Justin Narracott: uh before coming thisHassaan Ahmad: Let's let's do end of day because of the way this conversation has progressed.Justin Narracott: course.Hassaan Ahmad: I imagine you know you and I would love to have a longer conversation. So maybe let's schedule that end of day Tuesday, Wednesday. Does that work for you?Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. I can send across an invite and uh let me know.Justin Narracott: Yeah. And and as we get closer to the time, you know, we can if we need to move it around a little bit or whatever,Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Justin Narracott: it's fine. You know, let's just But let's get something in there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Justin Narracott: And it's um Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely. Yeah. Amazing.  
01:07:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Justin Narracott: Brilliant.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, this was one of the best calls I've had all week, Justin. You know, it was really special to talk to someone,Justin Narracott: Go out with a highHassaan Ahmad: you know, who doesn't think that his technology is, you know, the best there is and can't substantiate it. You know, I speak with so many founders who like I built this amazing tech. I had a conversation last well yesterday with someone who's built a LinkedIn connection engine. Well, LinkedIn commenting engine. Yeah. It's a UI rapper running Sonnet in the background. They're pricing it at a,000 per head.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. A,000 per person per head. And they got funding from YC. It's a 22 year old person. It's like, dude. Wow.Justin Narracott: So, so one of the uh so I I tried out a product over yeah aboutHassaan Ahmad: LikeJustin Narracott: 18 months ago now called Linked client. I don't know if you come across that link client.  
01:08:43
 Justin Narracott: They're a it's a European company I think from trying to think is it Norway or Denmark or Sweden or somewhere like that. So, but look it up link client especially um based on you know the the guy you were just talking about.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: So that that is a very smart um LinkedIn commentingHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: engine and yeah linked client.Hassaan Ahmad: Link client.Justin Narracott: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: Um and uh it is very very clever very powerful as well. Um, and it will run um, so it will run your LinkedIn messages and things like that. It will run them off multiple playbooks from a go to market perspective. Um, it will it will personalize um,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: you know, not just the not as in a sort of mail letter type format. It will actually personalize things. Um, you can plug it into things like dripify and stuff as well. So that then with the dripify part and you you probably know this. Yeah.  
01:09:49
 Justin Narracott: But with dripify, so with your your target audience, you can go through and you can um you can before you actually send a a connection request or a follow request, you can actually like some of their posts and things like Yeah. Do do you do that or Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: Yeah. But so this will actually then integrate with Dripify as well. Um so that you can and you can put in your Right.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: this this is my TAM this is my ICP blah blah blah blah blah and it's got an emailHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Justin Narracott: engine as well so it it it can email it has its own built inbuilt CRM which you can use its inbuilt CRM which is more kind of dashboarding and and event collection or whatever but you can also plug it into HubSpot or or anything like that it's got it's f******Hassaan Ahmad: isJustin Narracott: clever it's it's and it's about it's only about €160 €60 aHassaan Ahmad: okay. That's not bad at all.  
01:10:44
 Justin Narracott: month.Hassaan Ahmad: From what you're describing, I'm looking at their website and they need better marketing isJustin Narracott: They absolutely need better marketing and they use so they tend to use um sort ofHassaan Ahmad: what?Justin Narracott: customer success managers which seem to be um not very bright ladies in Eastern Europe um who seem very very nice and stuff like that on theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Justin Narracott: but they but they don't seem very businesssavvy or wise or and you know you ask them a a question that's a slightly bit technical about the product and oh well I have to our technical team to blah blah blah blah blah and I thinkHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, typical European startup,Justin Narracott: the yeah but it's but the product is good is veryHassaan Ahmad: you know.Justin Narracott: very good and so from a LinkedIn perspective you basically connect it to salesHassaan Ahmad: Check it out.Justin Narracott: nav and it will then run off your you know whatever itHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Justin Narracott: is you feed it from a sales nav perspective as simply as you you do all of your sorting and stuff like that in sales nav get the URL Drop it in there and it's away. It's absolutelyHassaan Ahmad: I'm definitely going to check it out.Justin Narracott: away.Hassaan Ahmad: Like that sounds amazing. I've dropped the invite in your calendar.Justin Narracott: Yeah. Yeah. Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: So that should be I couldn't think of a clever or more memorable title.Justin Narracott: Yeah. No, no, no. I I've got stuff to do as well, but it's Have a wonderful weekend.  
Transcription ended after 01:12:35

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
