---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Daily Strategy Session – 2025/11/21 14:55 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:36:42.418Z
meeting_date: 2025-11-21T15:34:52.042Z
---


Daily Strategy Session - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's a bro.Adeel Khan: f*** it was extremely s***** internet for some reason.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Concept PTCL. Yeah. Yeah.Adeel Khan: Apparently, apparently or something. So, yeah, like I It shows 40. It shows 40. It shows It's I mean, it's showing 40 MB right now, but doesn't feel like it cares,Hassaan Ahmad: Shards the honor bro. I have no idea, bro.Adeel Khan: man. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I tried. Uh so very sirAdeel Khan: Yeah. I saw or something, right?Hassaan Ahmad: fill out I'll follow the new year king Jr. Sir, I'll be honest.Adeel Khan: Nice. I think there's one coaching all business. Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: I honestly thought upfront people will not respond, but very interestingly.Adeel Khan: Uh like honestly I think being valuable for example Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So yeah man, I get to the point. But the good thing is this tells us Kis $22 spentAdeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. Uh start early like they start spending or no.  
00:02:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: 51 52 impressions one click 1.92 CTR so not enough data I would say yeah too early to sayAdeel Khan: 1.92 ZTR. Let's see. 5.561 12 time click on the right okay 9.933 others three social actions four engagementsHassaan Ahmad: Y 7.6 69% engagement, man. Not bad.Adeel Khan: It's been less than 24 hours toHassaan Ahmad: But what I also like is the fact I don't know how important that is. 17 bit. It's pretty much spent that right like 22 actually.Adeel Khan: name.Hassaan Ahmad: No 60 $60.Adeel Khan: You have to look at Yeah. You have to look at budget decision matrix type for bidding byHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Yes, please.Adeel Khan: links. You should have a look. You would like it.Hassaan Ahmad: was your LinkedIn profile page presentation.Adeel Khan: LinkedIn profiles. Yes. But uh client strategy channel I sent I think presentations Google.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, the ultimate LinkedIn convoy.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I have gotten around to looking at it.  
00:05:07
 Adeel Khan: Yeah. Good. You might even get some ideas.Hassaan Ahmad: So, this is the good stuff, man.Adeel Khan: That's That's a good good use case.Hassaan Ahmad: like how is he so he's taking his pipeline from his CRM uploading that as an audience and then targeting them with ads without leadership.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Basically, what's the core fundamental rule of B2B customer acquisition? Showing up brain.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: It's another tactic to pull to apparently deals which are like very close mention dude you're always on my LinkedIn psychologically you just build trustpectiveHassaan Ahmad: Let's go.Adeel Khan: saw it constantly for 3 months to try it out happen right was to buy the product collap.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: So yeah, it's a good you can even do it on meta butHassaan Ahmad: Should we should we do that for which didn't convert I mean I think it's worth Yeah.Adeel Khan: here you can try LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Yeah, man. Bro, I was thinking about our conversation yesterday. Um, I think I I believe because Gary is probably going to want Sakshi to take over and so forth.  
00:07:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: And I want I want Gary to f****** go. I don't know why he doesn't go.Adeel Khan: Lucky they data though.Hassaan Ahmad: I think I I don't know, man. I say it every other week or every other month, but then he turns around and offers more money. So maybe it's going to be the same on Monday again. But the way I think about it is Gary pays my salaries, Nicole pays my ad spend.Adeel Khan: Why not?Hassaan Ahmad: uh fusible or my one login is on top right that's how I'm thinking about it right now so if Gary goes then somebody else has to pay my salaries but yeah we'll see man I think Gary low but one of the things that we were discussing yesterday and I wanted to discuss with you was notice Gary LinkedIn It didn't really produce any results. Yeah. For some reason like business email registrations when both of them were running. Do you think there is a link between one inside tag looking at the traffic that's coming in and going, "Oh s***, traffic, so I need to start sending traffic over or something."  
00:09:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: Do you think that could be it?Adeel Khan: may uh so the two very valuable uh reasons are number one uh it could just be LinkedIn ramp up time maybe just that effect two it could be LinkedIn they enter both the tag and the metapixel Facebook. So it's two-way touch basically if that makes sense. So that could be a reason why as well. But since his offer is very low, it is very likely that this the second part could be true as well. Uh I think apparently business emails they showed up or something as well LinkedIn has that element but the thing is consistently you can't basically make that assumptionHassaan Ahmad: Okay, fine.Adeel Khan: was probably the two reasons IHassaan Ahmad: Monday, I'm going to have a conversation with him in which we are going to talk about the future of creative gener.Adeel Khan: Not sure.Hassaan Ahmad: So I need to be able to I need to have an ask campaigns work. When they work you get better quality login or convert. So what should we ask if we ask him for a budget which we need to what does that budget need to be from your perspective?  
00:11:27
 Adeel Khan: Okay, one sec. Let's see. So second. So you first set these are next was demos but they were still AI pitching product right this one purely is demo right So customer total total so sixHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, stuff. I think Bon I believe. Yes. Yeah.Adeel Khan: better so let's all for the sake of all even though this was promoting the AI tool so 1865 overHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adeel Khan: dollar. So for example, that's what uh GBP f*** 8:34.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, by the way, meta campaigns.Adeel Khan: Yeah, sorry. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think we should switch them off because let me tell you why. Uh last that was yesterday and I'm pretty sure so I don't want the payment to be declined. What are your thoughts?Adeel Khan: Yeah, I'm good.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you think we should get it?Adeel Khan: Let me check. Miami we don't have 58 pas J.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So right now we have basically budget for one more day.  
00:14:36
 Adeel Khan: Yeah. which is probably todayHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So what decision should be like what do you say?Adeel Khan: now.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So 60 plus this is 50. No 77. Okay.Adeel Khan: If it's somewhere around that we close it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Okay. So a 834 + 1365 2200 and is miss leads but seven customers.Hassaan Ahmad: Wow.Adeel Khan: So number one realistically you have to tell him campaign maths may this money was spent promoting said demo your CAC was saved like in a nonbiased sample size way is 314 pounds Okay. So the next thing you have to tell him there is a lot of which 95% ruined your CA as well because it's not optimiz next month. Next month actually I don't know but his realistic cap could be about 250 in the next 30 days and eventually could be around 150 cuz he's getting more knowledge and how to tweak his sales thing as well. That's where the recurring model is. You're right. You're paying 300 lifetime check.  
00:17:07
 Adeel Khan: You're assuming you deserve a good results. If they say 6 months, you're basically paying 300 for £1,800, right? What's the answer? So, if you want to get, we should probably aim for a 200 CO. So basically if he wants to get 10 customers he needs to have a 2,000 budget. If he needs to get 15 customers you know basic math. So 314 K right now I'm pretty sure for consistency and creative and maybe honestly dollar price you might be able to get a 200 C and I think possibly just focus on America because don't go same as like dollar. So yeah, if if he wants to basically get 10 customers, those are and it could be he has 12 customers. Realistically, I think we can target 200ish next 30 days. We can even do a 150ish 100, I think. 150ish is a good one to target.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Go toAdeel Khan: Give me was eight All right, Back.Hassaan Ahmad: H. So realistically what we are asking him for is another 3 to 35 3,000 to3500 if he wants to get 10ish more customers and are we saying that we're exclusively going to run LinkedIn?  
00:20:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What? What will we do?Adeel Khan: Uh, I could do both.Hassaan Ahmad: And the sameAdeel Khan: Yeah, I mean the time period he was getting leads are converted. Why not? LinkedIn is LinkedIn. I think it's the service.Hassaan Ahmad: Can you turn on the Okay.Adeel Khan: It's 200 right now, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: It's too cheap. It just seems fraud.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. F I think he'll retain us because he it's like that codependent relationship where he can't let go of us and we can't let go of him. But and now we have behind us, man.Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean, we've burnt a lot of budget, but we finally feel like we're on to something that works, that has been converting or lifetime value. Say, okay, if he can hold on to the customers, the 300 is a drop in the bucket compared to what he could make from them because 200 is a ridiculously good offer.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah, competitor could be the sign.  
00:22:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: He will not have a lot of competition on that. So all he has to do is just have white label competitors or let's say he signs two he gives those to Gary. So Gary just makes 400. So Mhm.Adeel Khan: Oh, bro. So, he's basically from one customer.Hassaan Ahmad: I think I have no idea. I'll have that. I'll ask him.Adeel Khan: So if if that one client has given him four accounts like that's four customers is another story. It also crosses seven customers by the way. in 1365. S 183Hassaan Ahmad: How many customers?Adeel Khan: But stress on it too many changes consistent. End of the world.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, best. I think that that makes sense to a lot of the show is boy Jordan.Adeel Khan: It's LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: I asked him you you might remember so that's also the conversation I will literally show him Nicole's campaign and I may go we got five people who are interested cost us nothing you don't have to get involvedAdeel Khan: f*** Jordan.  
00:24:28
 Adeel Khan: Gary Google. f*** Jordan. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: if something converts great if it doesn't convert that's 200 down the drain like you know in the grand scheme of things it's not a lot of investment So yeah, let's see, man.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think you'll be okay. Um, I'll have that conversation. Do you want to be a part of it? Hello.Adeel Khan: my girl. Yeah, you Like apparentlyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, actually let me have that conversation with him. Um, is good for nothing. This is what I have.Adeel Khan: she's a she's growth market or something, but she can't find the ad system. So no judgment. What the f***?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I don't know.Adeel Khan: Social media manager, but doesn't know how to get access to Facebook ad suite, business suite.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes, they are out. Yeah, bro. Okay, for the moat change over change overAdeel Khan: time, bro. Like for the better or worse.Hassaan Ahmad: the What did you do?  
00:26:42
 Adeel Khan: Rejoin.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. F. Yeah. Uh, yeah. I mean, we'll we'll have the conversation with Gary and then we will see. As per Shabban, we have seven customers of which three are active, four are yet to pay. I mean, that's that doesn't sound like my problem.Adeel Khan: And there'sHassaan Ahmad: Um, close s. So that's $1,400 per month that he's making. That's $600 that he's making per month and he will continue making them. Okay, good scene. Let's do that on Monday. Did you get a chance to look at the creative strategy?Adeel Khan: Give me right now. Oh.Hassaan Ahmad: Look at that together. either carrot cake.Adeel Khan: The car can take you.Hassaan Ahmad: So I asked him to make creatives for carrot cake because I was like just make the creatives and then we'll talk. So carrot cake. I like this one man. creative.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Should we add any?Adeel Khan: The other agency we perform at top I think funny funny.  
00:29:00
 Adeel Khan: Yeah, the Drake meme. Is there another one? He has a couple of meme ones.Hassaan Ahmad: What are uh What I've noticed with Rahan is you have to give him a little bit of some direction.Adeel Khan: Meme ones.Hassaan Ahmad: I think this is touching upon the right notes bright color. It's something like that. But we have to coach him a little bit on like how to make it more scroll stopping and then see like this.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I really like man then we can start testing quite easily.Adeel Khan: Mhm. Yeah, creative Monday.Hassaan Ahmad: Now how do I f****** download this few more action save to keep download.Adeel Khan: Inconsistent branding.Hassaan Ahmad: So yeah, Kaz is Bro, how the f*** do youAdeel Khan: I never saw this.Hassaan Ahmad: How the hell do you download this s***?Adeel Khan: I don't think you can. Oh, can I useHassaan Ahmad: or that as long as images are downloadable. I have no f****** idea, man. Copy. I guess I have no idea. Monday we have talked and I think we have a plan fusible or my login let's talk next week.Adeel Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So now all we need is adsets. So that should be a lower lift. Did we give Anan the tag to put in the website?Adeel Khan: You're coming. Uh, it's basically I don't have one access.Hassaan Ahmad: Nicole LinkedIn.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah, she added it.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, I think this is good for today. So, let's talk on Monday.Adeel Khan: Thank you.  
Transcription ended after 00:33:11

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
