---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Fuseable/Remotir - Weekly Sync – 2025/10/10 15:03 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:26.624Z
meeting_date: 2025-10-10T14:49:07.193Z
---


Fuseable/Remotir - Weekly Sync - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hey.Nicholas Clarkson: Guys, I had 3 p.m.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey.Nicholas Clarkson: in my head. I was convinced of it. And uh sorry about that.Hassaan Ahmad: No worries.Adnan Khan: to to be fair, I thought so, too. And someone told me it's a Tuesday. I don't know why. I'm pretty sure it wasn't moved, but I I in my head it was like three o'clock. I don't know.Nicholas Clarkson: Maybe that was the time last week, but I should have looked anyway.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Oh, good. I'm not the only donut then. Um Oh, on Monday the Yeah, I mean I was um I was actually um meeting up with Raphael whoAdnan Khan: Yeah. I'm the other donut.Hassaan Ahmad: Nick, can you give us a good reference or is the call still to be had? Oh, Monday. Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: you spoken to.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: You know the you know what what's this company they what they are you is that are you going ahead with those guys or right  
00:01:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. diffusion data. Uh he wasn't at a point where he could pull the trigger. Um he's trying to do too little. Well, too much with too little.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Ours might not be the right fit for him. But yeah, was that was your conversation more around feasible or was it more aroundNicholas Clarkson: Well, I know a bit we spoke a lot about that. Um, and you know, like we're basically wrestling with like why outbound is broken and why all the tools are rubbish. Um and like you know leading into well if you can actually nail ad spend you know you get true inbound you know that's true inbound scales right outbound does not build unicorns that's my that's my thesis of 2025 Hey.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, fully fully aligned with that. And especially I don't know if anybody else has seen it, but I get a lot of cold calls and ever since Apple has released their software update, I think it was started this month, I picked up zero.  
00:02:23
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: like literally zero had have been able to come through because it's screening the calls and I can see on my screen.Nicholas Clarkson: Wow.Hassaan Ahmad: So, anybody who's interesting, like for example, I got a call from the, you know, doctor's office was like, "Hey, I'm Claudia from this doctor's office." Like, great, that's a call I want to pick up. But everything else, literally 100% of calls I'm getting um getting screened and I'm not picking any Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. AB. I mean I I literally don't pick up my phone anymore because exactly that. So, I don't know unless it's a no number. Like, if it's somebody who wants to get hold of me, they leave a voicemail or text me.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Be careful though because a lot of people are now getting through it. Um we are calling on either FaceTime or on WhatsApp. So yeah, which is for me a cardinal sin. You just don't cold call people on WhatsApp. Yeah, we'll see.  
00:03:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, Nick, we were talking a lot about the attribution issue that, you know, you and I were discussing and so forth. So, Adil was taking the guys through well his thinking on what we need to do. Obviously, we need to solve the attribution issue one way or the other, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh but at the same time, we need to be mindful of the broader picture, right? and where this all fits in in the in the w in the bigger scheme of things, right? This is eventually this is one part of a large m part of large machine that you're activating to get more inbound, right? And ultimately when it all works well, it becomes a self-reinforcing cycle, right? And that's what um we were discussing. So, why don't you take him through what you were taking the other guy through and then we can have a conversation aboutNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I don't I don't feel like you have to repeat it quite as as long.Adeel Khan: Cool. Cool.Nicholas Clarkson: Um,  
00:04:30
 Adeel Khan: Not. It's fine. Like I I love giving parody on this part cuz eventually cuz when when it all like ties down together, it works then I'm like uh finally. So it's it's good fun. Uh second for your uh screening thing. Uh I actually think it's an opportunity asan calling to work again but let's accept that discussion. Uh, all right. So, one second. Sorry. All right. So, maybe. All right. So, we're still So, uh, David to give you an update. Uh, so we have about 1,61 spend. Again, the LinkedIn platform is exist, but uh, we have a slightly lower CPC. uh CTRs are like so where they were last week, but you have like a really big increase in dwell time from 2.7 to 2.25. This just means that people are spending longer on your ad. Uh like just looking at it debating on whether you click it or not.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adeel Khan: Uh and yes, like in terms of that, what do you call it?  
00:05:42
 Adeel Khan: don't suck spending but we there's some positive tractions uh elsewhere like these are like actually very valuable metrics like this this is more of stuff I tracked than the spend and CPC uh at the start second I startedNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adeel Khan: with leadership yesterday so it's only $5 to $4 spend uh but you can see like you're getting clicks at 2.5 22 clicks these are like a bit more colder like takes more time you might you might definitely not get leads but you also Okay, but the this is just a top of funnel play like when we retarget these like much more refined audience and whatnot.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah, 5% CTR early stages, but they should probably uh I expect to reach into double digits. That's like the goal to maintain at double digits over 10 10ish is like the goal there.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adeel Khan: I I usually ignore CPMs. They're they're not they're not like a good metric for me to track. But you have a good engagement rate, good enough dwell time. time should increase as well in my opinion with the more postings you do the more different type of content you'll see.  
00:06:44
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adeel Khan: Uh so the main thing I'll address here is the fact that LinkedIn spending so uh I showed the other guys as well but so this is basically what I use manual bidding because maximum delivery is just a waste of money like LinkedIn will just spend all your money you won't get any value from it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Mhm.Adeel Khan: So you can see here I'm bidding at 20 which is again high like high for me anyway but it tells me to bid at 35 and this is like the threshold like the max bid $62 and it's justNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adeel Khan: not worth it uh in my opinion cuz like for the sake of spending money or you can obviously up CPC but you won't really get value like the main goal with manual bank just to find the middle ground where it just spends and uh where like it's not overspending but spending on your daily budget or it's also not understanding the only reason I'm not.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: before we move on. So Nick and I were talking about that yesterday.  
00:07:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: And one of the things that Nick is quite keen on doing is for us to see if it makes sense to increase that spend, right?Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So maybe increase the bid or increase the daily budget. However, so that um we can pass over that hurdle of LinkedIn not spending money and potentially start getting a more consistent lead flow.Adeel Khan: So yeah. Okay. So it's like it's 6060. So that's 120 per day. But that's like budget is not the issue here. The issue is that Bis does not accepting a lower bid at the moment. And this has been there for the last three weeks. So basically when we started ad so uh if it was like what do you call it if it's been like two three months and I'm more than willing to like bit more like nearer to 30 $30 stuff like that but this could mean that it's a Q3 push still taking effect. It could be that LinkedIn changing the bidding mechanisms on its platform or it's just that there's just too much traffic at the moment and it's adjusting.  
00:08:44
 Adeel Khan: So it's too early to basically blow away Yeah, it does.Nicholas Clarkson: But it's it must be accept it must be accepting some of them, right? Otherwise Mhm.Adeel Khan: So, you do get some like you have 1,600 spent. So, that means it's accepting some bids. Uh, but it go like the formula is that they look at your bid, they look at your content, whatnot, etc., etc. The only thing is I see this across. So I have like 15 accounts personally and I see I have c people who recently just started LinkedIn ads and I I'm bidding at $35 and it's not picking up a single spend like a single click. Uh you'll see impressions but no clicks. So that's is very very weird. Like the biggest account I have which has seen the most consistent spend like I spent like 15 20,000 on it every month. Uh I used to bet $6 on those those same campaigns. They used to spend very well, good lead flow, good customers as well and right now I'm at 22 and uh performance is snack.  
00:09:43
 Adeel Khan: So it's more so a LinkedIn problem. That's why uh I don't want to make decisions that this basically don't give you value.Nicholas Clarkson: What?Adeel Khan: It's not worth it.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Adeel Khan: U but for the spend, we're going to do the finance pages. So that should hypothetically give up our spending anyway. So and part leadership.Nicholas Clarkson: So, is that is that is that live there? So, I mean, I need to do more posts, right, and let you guys know. I know I I know that um the finance campaign hasn't launched yet or or has.Adeel Khan: That's my goal in the next hour. Just watch them.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. All right. And then I mean, I've talked this and we are we using these two new assets because my gut we've spoken about this, right? The the one that's on the homepage. I think that's the one that people are going to want to click because it speaks enough to I mean co you could argue good copy will uh yeah it's like the  
00:10:41
 Adeel Khan: the the major one, right? Or Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: the most recent post Yeah it's basically some yeah some derivative of that.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah. We really used it. Yeah. That that's they're being used and also I think that post is also being targeted anyway. So you'll get that there.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Adeel Khan: But the other thing was I think Roland and Brock I think we're narrowing it down that maybe two leads or one lead came from uh from these channels and that's more realistic to me. like that was like one's my bare minimum, two was maybe what I was expecting. So in terms of like getting cuz we only spent 1,600 cold early stages that's literally my expectations when you guys told me it was three or four that was really above expectations from me but I didn't really actNicholas Clarkson: But we need to know who who those I I know the Moma one but I don't know the other one and I never spoke to them.  
00:11:34
 Adeel Khan: accordingly and yeah I agree.Nicholas Clarkson: So like I we need to know who cuz like two and one is there's a difference between those two, right?Adeel Khan: So we are going to basically the whole UTM duplication that's one of thing we're going to implement.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adeel Khan: Uh but again like longterm realistically I will still only give you like I' like build the whole system and to other companies and they only give you like 50 60% certainty. Uh you can ask them on your call and that might up your certainty but sometimes they also forget that. So it's basically a very hard problem to solve, but this will basically give you more certainty like especially if for example if they're coming from that the ad to that specific landing page, you'll know on HubSpot basically the form will be duplicated, the page will be duplicated. So you'll definitely know there. But if there's like a Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Well, we if we talk to somebody, we will we will know for we will know for sure, but you guys want some degree of certainty, right?  
00:12:40
 Nicholas Clarkson: But we can definitely know where a lead came from. Altoomas for example was well we we we're we're through the network and we're outbounding to them. So that that was in our wheelhouse but you know for your benefit you want to nail that down and we all want to know that the campaigns are running. I I still have this like you know the the audience thing I know we've pulled in groups and whatnot like there will be loads of s*** in that for sure and therefore the effectiveness of it is lower like can we not like turbocharge this by going hyper focused you know if you said just tell me companies like these give me give me 5,000 companies or 10,000 companies where they could be your client and we'll target justAdeel Khan: All right.Nicholas Clarkson: those people because you know there's a technology hub this some of these people will be selling their own software they'll be freelancers whatever they'll be you know not remotely in our wheelhouse and therefore their effectivenessAdeel Khan: That's it. So the lists you have, how like are you 100% really happy with those lists, the ones you use for outbound?  
00:13:56
 Nicholas Clarkson: wishless this I wouldn't even look at that but you know if we're doing a um they're getting better right for example there were two general council forums right we know the attendees they're going there there's some you know they're interested there's a euro finance event next week I've got that list right whole list of companies if you but so it's it's getting better but if you said to really nail down ads spend rather than spreading into groups of which I would say the majority will be irrelevant. give you you Nick give me 5,000 companies that are in your ICP and I'll find the lawyers the tax managers the whatever like is does that you know it's s*** in s*** out right same for outbound possibly same for ad spend if we start with and I I think this is how the sales nab and all the rest of it works like sometimes if you don't eliminate something it will by default add some crap to itAdeel Khan: Good.Nicholas Clarkson: and I I don't have the answer. It was just a question.  
00:15:05
 Nicholas Clarkson: Are we better off working top down from a Okay, these are the top 5,000 companies you want to target. Put them all in. That's 20,000.Adeel Khan: So yeah, so this is this is actually kind of like the ABM account based marketing thing I was talking about.Nicholas Clarkson: I don'tAdeel Khan: If you give me a list of 5,000 companies with all the people, this is to be really refined, really enriched in terms of their LinkedIn account, their numbers, whatnot. But we can use LinkedIn to and this is where like the whole ecosystem play also works like with your apparot but you target those same specific people on ads after after a couple weeks you have season you start also engaging those same accounts on outbound and that's where you you get your most realistic uh impact as well the coal I am very happy to try Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Well, we we could we could do that. I mean, so what what we would do is we wouldn't give you roles. We would just give you companies and you drive you go right CFO go to that landing whatever tax I don't know is that not better  
00:16:13
 Adeel Khan: So, this list I personally like it uh for really like a really holistic marketing approach. Just like just focus on a bunch of people, you get s*** done there. But the list sometimes this cost is too much. like people usually recommend using play uh like really enriching though. So that's why it's like sometimes not maybe most cost effective way. So like the way the cold audiences work, it will start top of funnel but then you start really narrowing it down. It's just like a time factor and a money factor there as well. So uh I would I would like toHassaan Ahmad: So, do you have right now? Do you have the list of companies right now? The target list that you want us to go after?Nicholas Clarkson: Um, uh, I've got I've got probably got bits of it. I' I just I'd have to uh I'd have to build it. But like my guy Mike Richards at the Treasury Recruitment Company, he goes he goes, "Whoops, I sent this to you by accident."  
00:17:18
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um anyway, you you didn't hear that, but um it's all these Where's the companies column?Hassaan Ahmad: There it is. It's column B. Column B. So in column B. Mr.Nicholas Clarkson: What? G. Oh. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah, INicholas Clarkson: So, these are all large groups. If they've got a treasurer, they're a large group, right? I mean, this Jesus. I mean, this is massive. Like, this list goes on and on. Might be too much, but Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: deal.Adeel Khan: So, uh, I need them enriched.Hassaan Ahmad: Put you need on this list in order to targetAdeel Khan: So, LinkedIn profiles, numbers, emails, company emails. Yeah, that that's the LinkedIn problem. I I uh I can help you guys with that. Uh like I I I use P and all but uh so BA basically LinkedIn would target whatever info we give on that list.Nicholas Clarkson: but now I No, I was I was literally thinking we work from company down and then you go role is general counsel, role is company secretary, whatever it Why  
00:18:26
 Adeel Khan: So we like basically we can exclude people but it will really narrow down to find that specific person on that list. So I I don'tNicholas Clarkson: can't you go by job function or you know if you go companies and then function legal they go to this page and then tech tax treasury CFO go to the other page we don't have to identify the people but the role profile point does that not workAdeel Khan: think it does, but I don't mind trying it. Maybe maybe they've changed it. Like last time I tried that, it it didn't really give me what do you call it? like a really good accuracy on the audience. So, I never bothered running a campaign on it. But like maybe maybe it's it's maybe it's better now. We could like it's worth a try for sure. Or like I can see basically if the audience size matches otherwise sometimes it's like LinkedIn will be like oh this audience size is just too small. You can't you can't use it.  
00:19:22
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. And I wonder how many companies you can put in before it starts telling you you've run out of, you know,Adeel Khan: They don't the more the marrier for them to be fair. They want more. So basically the way the reason why we narrow down like so the LinkedIn ID wants you to have a minimum 50,000 but you really get more impact when it's below 50,000 because the whole ad cycle repeats right soNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Adeel Khan: you need to get more touches and LinkedIn will be like oh give me give me 500,000 I'm good at that so doesn't really you'll be happy with that let's try it like we want to find Oh,Nicholas Clarkson: I think it's you could just try try it with like you know pick 10 companies and then look look for the the everyone in No. I mean, as a as a trial to, you know, to see if youAdeel Khan: we need more than 10 copies. I think we need more like 100. Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: can the that filtering works and then if it does, I'll give you 5,000 companies.  
00:20:21
 Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, I could just pick off all the private equity and real estate firms in the US. I mean, I I could slice and dice that many ways, right? But I do you follow where I'm going with you know, we we're sort of hitting an audience, right? But we know there's a load of s*** in there, which therefore means that the engagement will be less effective because it's not hyperfocused. But I I would rather work through the lens of these are the types of companies.Adeel Khan: Another one.Nicholas Clarkson: We know that to be true as a possible customer and then you use the functional filters to drive the campaigns rather than this group, this group, this group. Like you know some of those members are a million people and half half of them are selling software. Like there are competitors.Adeel Khan: Yeah. So, I mean, don't completely count the call out. Like, it's still too early. Maybe maybe it's the right way to go, but it's a it's good to test out the other stuff.  
00:21:25
 Adeel Khan: Like not a people would usually recommend that as well later on, but let's do it. Let's let's just say it because this Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: But let's say you you pulled that up now like um I mean let's say you're building a new one and you said right I gave you some companies and then you just applied the job title will it then it will tell you how many people in that functional area are in that list because that that's a curated listAdeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. It's just that LinkedIn just wants more and like the more information you give it better perform. So that's like if you if you're too broad like if you just give company maybe it might not maybe it will it's like uncertainty but if you give it more info you'll be like 80% 90% that okay we're targeting the exact people. That's the only thing.Nicholas Clarkson: How do we find out though? Cuz I'll do I'll do the work. I can get you 10,000 companies that are all our dream customers over the next two years.  
00:22:34
 Nicholas Clarkson: And if that audience is whatever 20,000 people that are all in our ICP as companies, that's got to be more scientific than hitting up a bunch of groups, hasn't it?Adeel Khan: Um yeah, it falls into your demand creation, demand capturing element. So yeah, like you start off with that then eventually you want to get more people but like for you getting those I don't know if you from those 10,000 companies you sign 100 that's like good for you in terms of your current goals and when you're expanding you can start the other stuff. So it plays into your goals it's totally fine way to go about it.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Adeel Khan: So this is also where you mentioned outbound is dying right? This is actually kind of how outbound is going to transition using intent based uh metrics. So you reach you hit them at ads if they go to your website you then go v outbound. That's where your like the ecosystem I talk about starts coming into play with your other channels.Nicholas Clarkson: I think the only people making out making money on outbound are the people selling outbound software.  
00:23:49
 Nicholas Clarkson: It's a it's just it's like snake oil industry.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't work.Nicholas Clarkson: They most people get no return for their effort and spend.Adeel Khan: Yeah, it's it's it's too like you only get returned if you're like on a massive scale mode.Nicholas Clarkson: All these If you've gone like full full data science scientist on it, right, and you've built this automated model that runs it through several filters and it's a hyper clean list with perfect copy and it'sAdeel Khan: All right. Nothing.Nicholas Clarkson: got intense signals. Yeah, sure. But you've you've spent several hours and you've got enough people to do the work, right? But many of us are in in in our game, right? Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: So, so if the issue with that is on the other side, you're not the only game in town doing that, right? There's 20 other sellers or 20 other companies trying to do the same thing. And so on the buyer side, what ends up happening is 20 emails that have all been trained on the same intent signals, same, you know, public data, same company specific information, and you end up with 20 emails looking the sameish, right?  
00:25:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: And so it's it's still not very effective. In my opinion, what has been really effective and I've used that to quite a degree of success in viral is when you go not hyper specific on intent but when you anchor yourself to something major that has changed in their company. Right? For example, you've listened to an earnings call or you've listened or you've watched some news that has come out where they've said, I don't know, KKR agrees to buy Blackstone's property portfolio or something. Now, you know that they're going to get 1,600 companies that they will have to take care of, right? Or 1,600 SPVS. That's something that you can anchor on to and you can be very specific, but it requires a lot of work. Like it takes literally three months to put any together.Nicholas Clarkson: That doesn't that doesn't scale either.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: You can automate that too play though. Uh yeah, I we when the last time we this was sort of our last show with my company where we ditched uh cold email but we built our own infrastructure for emails.  
00:26:07
 Nicholas Clarkson: If you know clay, if you know clay and you've got the time and budget andHassaan Ahmad: Hello.Adeel Khan: So basically we got the domains and mailboxes were ours. We used like 300 200 mailboxes uh two domains each. 600 mailboxes and we used to scale out and even then we were getting spammed just because Google changed to Netflix or something like that. So yeah and I don't know if you guys know about Niskit uh there used to be a client of mine u but they was trying to venturing into ads because outbound was also dying for them.Hassaan Ahmad: Heat.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean I think cold emails died quite some time ago but even LinkedIn outbound is you know it's the same playbook anyway. So the great the great hope is ad ad spend and so like I just what do we what do we do in ter because my fear is I haven't been involved in like you know the creatives and copyAdeel Khan: Keep breathing.Nicholas Clarkson: right it's all fine but the audience itself I don't feel like I've been involved in that and I I I don't I worry that there's a load of crap in there which is maybe just putting down the reducing the bang for the buck.  
00:27:31
 Nicholas Clarkson: We could be more forensic on that as you would for a proper outbound campaign. Start with a good list first. I don't but I don't know if that's possible. So that's just a quest open question. We'll do the work and if if that you knowAdeel Khan: So let's play. Um also one main difference in co like outbound because you are controlling the people you talk to right uh and ads in general is that you have to a also be like so when you're starting ads it's a cold audience like regarding even if you do the list and if you do the LinkedIn targeting meta ads Google ads whatever Google is intent based so you have a higher chance of getting people to click on an ad right but the other are cold and they're like more like they're trying to solve them. So there's like a lot of creative testing. There's a lot of I don't know what. But for example, Adnan here has been seeing an ad for this platform uh that basically builds funnels, landing pages and whatnot, right?  
00:28:31
 Adeel Khan: He's been seeing it for three months. He clicks on it, he exits, he talks about it, and then I'm like, "Nah, dude. It's it's not worth it." He then mentions it. Then Hassan's like, "Okay, maybe we should try it." I'm like, "No." There's like a lot of back and forth there. And even though he's seeing an ad and he's like ready to buy it, I'm the one stopping him for example. But there like since he was a cold audience now he's like really warmed up and he's like three months down the line they're like really focusing on to like dude let's get our product and the cycle is justHassaan Ahmad: I think itAdeel Khan: long in B2B it's even longer like for your product we might require like 20 they want to see the ad 20 times they might want to see the ad in three different formats before they actually click on your landing page and then after that it's just like maybe talk about it oh feasible, whatever. And that the cycle just goes long.  
00:29:23
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, but that's our that's our what do you call it? It's a one I can't remember which one it is. Tam Sam. It's one of those, right? It's it's Yeah. Well, you know, our addressable market, we're after we're after big complex groups, right?Adeel Khan: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I can find you those companies and then from there you go right legal legal campaign finance campaign that's my question like can we can we do can we do that because I'll get I'll get you the list ofAdeel Khan: Yeah, we Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: next week we work down from a mo because they will there will be companies who are clicking on our ads who have three companies entities or they're not even in that function or that's what worries me and then the click-through rate is low because it's the bad audience. You're starting with the the problem from the very beginning is if that's possible, I will do the work and I'll get you the data and then we build the campa the same campaigns, same copy, etc. But starting with a hyperfocus list.  
00:30:33
 Adeel Khan: You will be able to but again you it'll still take this much spend this much time to even for them to affect and uh the CTR you're getting is actually very good for LinkedIn.Nicholas Clarkson: That's fine.Adeel Khan: So don't that's not really bad.Hassaan Ahmad: So, let's do this. Here's here's my suggestion, right, Nick? The list of companies, right? Don't give us 5,000. Give us maybe a thousand, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's take a look at that and let us either try to duplicate the campaigns, right? Or let's let's figure out how to make this happen, right? Because it is an idea worth testing. Uh but let's start with the list. So Nick, can you do that for us?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I mean, we we'll do we'll have to do the work, but I honestly I think it if you start with good data at the beginning, like we could do the best ads and you know, okay, we say ourAdeel Khan: Sorry cat.Nicholas Clarkson: click rates good, right?  
00:31:32
 Nicholas Clarkson: Ours should be better than everybody else's because we got better copy, better images, it should be above average. And that might be because the initial audience isn't as focused as it could be. That's the the hypothesis I put back to you guys. I'll get you the data and we work down from a good list than from a broad list.Adeel Khan: Yeah, I'm good with that.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adeel Khan: That's give me more than thousand. Like give me 5 10,000 because I like LinkedIn might list them down. So uh like maybe if I do if I had a thousand company less they might just not react to it. So I don't want to uh like for example that's for me to come back to you like I need more people. So I just target 5K.Hassaan Ahmad: Ad question for you. Can we create that list using the audience settings ourselves?Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Because what Nick's going to go after is large companies, potentially complicated, 500 people and above. Um, you know, multi- geography, multi companies like that, right?  
00:32:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, we're ideally looking at companies with revenues over 500 million, potentially 1 billion and above. Can't we just create that using audience ourselves?Adeel Khan: like with like our tools Apollo that those kind.Hassaan Ahmad: from the LinkedIn search LinkedIn audience settings.Adeel Khan: No, we we like Like I was I was sending the names of the list. Like if you have the list, you should be able to. So yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right, good. That's uh that's a homework for you then. Yeah. Get us that, please.Nicholas Clarkson: I just I'll just go through top 10 sectors and I I'll start building pissed off the back of that. I I'm telling you that I think that's where if we land with those people, it will resonate really really well. My question is if I give you 5,000 companies, how the hell do you load those 5,000 companies into a into a campaign?Adeel Khan: You leave that to me. So, just give me this.Nicholas Clarkson: Are you going to be cop you're going to be copy pasting in 5,000 entry?  
00:33:34
 Adeel Khan: I'll try.Hassaan Ahmad: AllAdeel Khan: I'll find a way. I'll find a way. I always do. So, I have anotherNicholas Clarkson: Okay. Um, all right. So, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right, Nick, there were I think some actions that the team needed either you or Peter to action. Um done.Adeel Khan: question actually. Uh like it's on you guys, but do you guys want me to start finance with the cold audience or do you want me to do it with the list?Nicholas Clarkson: ju I think just start it. I I don't I don't want Yeah, that's not what you call it.Adeel Khan: All right, cool.Nicholas Clarkson: Perfection is the enemy of progress, right? Next week next week we go for perfect this week. Good is good is enough. UmAdeel Khan: So for for the changes so uh basically in a nutshell uh we want to add a email form rather than a CTA button and it we'll include hidden forms uh form fields with the UTM trackers.  
00:34:45
 Adeel Khan: I push out UTM trackers with our LinkedIn ad. So it should with the code it should basically able to capture uh capture said UTM and send that to HubSpot as well.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adeel Khan: So that's something we need to probably do the Yeah, it's in the it's in the dark.Nicholas Clarkson: Is it is it all in the message you sent me? Because I'm I've sort of lost the lost the will to look at that. Um I'll be honest, too many fires to put out.Adeel Khan: The only thing is that the code is but might need some trial and error because I'm I'm not a coder so I just GP it works for me but uh might be a different some different language for you.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. All right. We'll have a look at it.Adeel Khan: I can yeah I can hop on a call if you want as well. That's all cool.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Adnan Khan: I I wonder if we can Adil if we can just record what the intent of that script is and if I I imagine like Nick you have people on your side who can who can just help write a JavaScript query uh just to populate it in fields.  
00:35:48
 Adnan Khan: So maybe that's another way a deal. If the code doesn't work, maybe we try with the code first and then if not we can state the intent.Adeel Khan: Um, does Peter Peter know how to code? Like he's a developer, right? Oh, he doesn't know it.Nicholas Clarkson: No, but I mean he can insert scripts and whatnot and um yeah, it's just whether it works or not. I mean, inserting a dummy a duff script is not going to break our website. It's just not going to work.Adeel Khan: Yeah, it doesn't break the website.Nicholas Clarkson: So yeah.Adeel Khan: Oh, I've tried that.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. I'm happy to do what you guys I just I don't really want to spend half an hour doing code snippets and stuff. Pot could maybe get give you guys a hand if you tag him in the group to do it with you.Adeel Khan: I can do that.Nicholas Clarkson: And and in the and in the meantime any calls we have we'll just we'll tell you all the names.  
00:36:40
 Adnan Khan: I think.Nicholas Clarkson: So like, you know, we're an open book on, you know, there aren't enough to really, you know, we're not we're not we're not can't we haven't lost count.Adnan Khan: Brown.Nicholas Clarkson: Put it that way.Hassaan Ahmad: You're welcome.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, we will soon. I like that.Adnan Khan: Nick, there's one other uh quick question that I had. So on the on the landing pages that we have um the finance one, legal one and eventually like a secondary homepage if we want to add like a input field.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adnan Khan: So currently you click a button it goes to the calendar like the booking flow.Adeel Khan: All right.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adnan Khan: If we just want to like remove the forms and just have an input field to capture work email and then the moment the form is submitted that sends out an email to one of our email addresses and thenAdeel Khan: Thank you.Adnan Khan: it just redirects back to the calendar flow.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adnan Khan: Should that be easy enough to set up through framer?  
00:37:42
 Adnan Khan: I imagine Per can do it as well, but I'm I'm just like is there a reason we couldn't do that?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh yeah, I'm just trying to understand what the requirement is. I I don't think it's a problem.Adeel Khan: I can I can show you uh I can show you I have that flow.Nicholas Clarkson: We can do it.Adeel Khan: So basically even I think even our own website has it.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: So yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: So basically it's this uh like this is it and then well with framework we just connect it and we get an email because it's a separate landing page only we know that that's that landing page is only getting traffic from LinkedIn ad so that way we'll also be able to know uh like we can attribute it essentially but you'll have to obviously also link it to help so it goes through you to your CRM Like thisNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I mean that's that's definitely doable.Adeel Khan: is another example like this has hotspot on it but uh like this goes in I get I get a hotspot notification but then this is also like a HubSpot time in so I also get a booking notification as  
00:39:03
 Adnan Khan: I think that's probably more accurate.Adeel Khan: well.Adnan Khan: Like it we enter an email and then it goes to the same booking flow.Adeel Khan: Yeah. So, and then this is like another form, too. But I I use this myself. It works pretty well.Nicholas Clarkson: So what does the what did the landing pages do now? Is it borrowing the sameAdeel Khan: It has a CTA button.Adnan Khan: It's just a button.Adeel Khan: So, I can show that Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah, it's just a button right now. So the the expectation would be that where it says book a demo, there would just be an input field before that that blocks you from going to the next page. So it's just an email capture.Adeel Khan: And this also Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Oh, that we could definitely do that. That makes a lot of sense.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah. And then the source like wherever like I would imagine that it just sends us an email and we can set up like whatever we need to on our side to capture it.  
00:40:00
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. So it's essentially it's just a like we're making it distinct from our other forms, right? Yeah.Adnan Khan: That's right.Nicholas Clarkson: I I mean that that's one less thing to do for on them, right? It's like just go straight in andAdnan Khan: Yep.Adeel Khan: I've also so there's one thing I think that could actually help you attribute better as well because HubSpot usually should pick up where sources are coming from. Uh but like the one thing I think you can do is just embed this on your own native domain rather than like going into a different calendar. Hopspot should be able to pick up a lot of things because that's how I I have it set up at Over here. So uh no.Nicholas Clarkson: Well, we can we can do it. We create another calendar in HubSpot. And that that one's your calendar.Adeel Khan: So this one uh I'm like overall for like your benefit. So like if I click book a demo here, it just goes to the meetings of Hopspot.  
00:40:57
 Adeel Khan: So it goes to a different domain. You lose all tracking. If you have it on your own website like as an embed. So like this is with hire with blog book call. You Hopspot should be able to track where the lead came from.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Organic social organic paid whatever paid organic like that's how it should be good there.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We don't it HubSpot picks up our other form form fills. Yeah. It's It scrapes the data from it's not per I don't think it's they they give you a health warning with it, but it does actually work.Adeel Khan: Yeah. So like embedding it will help you.Nicholas Clarkson: I just Okay, this this feels like a next week thing. The fact I missed Well, me and Adnan both weren't weren't going to show up. I think that's a sign of how heavy the week's been.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: But but yeah, if you want to tag me or or P for what you want us to do, um I'll make P's not looking at as much. I I'll make sure he does and we'll but we'll pick it up next week. Nothing's going to Yeah.Adnan Khan: Okay. Yeah, we can I can document what we need.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Adeel Khan: Awesome.Adnan Khan: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicholas Clarkson: Well, thanks for duplicating effort. Uh, you've gone the extra mile. Spoken to the team twice. Anyway, off.Hassaan Ahmad: Anything for our flagship client?Nicholas Clarkson: There you go. I've laid down the gauntlet though. Like, we're on the hyperfocused list and 20,000 people who are absolutely in our wheelhouse and they'll go, "Oh my god, this is it. This is the answer to all my corporate governance problems." Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. All right. Um, thanks for that.Nicholas Clarkson: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: And what time do you call with what's it like on Monday?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh I think 3 3:00. Yeah. 3:00. Of course. Yeah. Cheers, chaps.  
Transcription ended after 00:43:18

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
