---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Daniel Watt – 2026/03/24 10:29 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-24T12:14:28.752Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-24T11:22:09.803Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Daniel Watt - Transcript
00:00:00
 Dan Watt: Morning.Hassaan Ahmad: Dan, good morning.Dan Watt: How's it going?Hassaan Ahmad: It's going well. How are you? Amazing.Dan Watt: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, Dan, thanks for making the time. Where whereabouts are you based?Dan Watt: Uh like north north of England.Hassaan Ahmad: Where? How? How north are we talking?Dan Watt: Oh. Uh do you know Stoke on Trent?Hassaan Ahmad: I've heard of it.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I've never been.Dan Watt: It's kind of like Yeah. Hour from Manchester.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Nice. Well, we're we're in London, so um how cold is it overDan Watt: Uh yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: there?Dan Watt: it's got colder today. Yeah, I don't know, 10° or something.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, man. The weekend was so nice. It was nice, sunny. It was perfect. I felt like the summer was coming,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but it's a jumper weather again. Cool,Dan Watt: Yeah.  
00:01:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: Dan. Um, how are you for time? I know we booked 30 minutes. Do you have a hard stop?Dan Watt: No, no, no.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Um, so let me start off with a quick intro, right? um and tell you how I like to run these meetings, but really this meeting is about you for you to talk, for you to tell me what prompted you to make this call. Um what were you thinking? What would you like to get out of it and so forth? And then if there's anything that I can do to help, I'll share a little bit. I try to keep my talking to a minimum and uh would love to hear from you. Does that sound okay?Dan Watt: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Cool. So look,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm I'm I run sales at Remote. I'm one of the founders and the chief revenue officer. 12 15 years in sales been selling to enterprises um and have sold anything and everything under the sun but the things that matter most for nutrition integrated are I've sold data a lot um I did that for like 10 years financial data economic data um data products databases APIs etc etc because of that because I was at Moody's and S&P I've sold analytics advisory services pretty much the entire suite of kind of products that you guys add nutrition integrated cell.  
00:02:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: So um I would love to share some insights if anything's going to be relevant but that's who I am. Yeah. Perfect.Dan Watt: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: So uh why don't you tell me a bit about yourself and the thing that I'm most interested in is what prompted you to take the call.Dan Watt: um so I used to be a Tableau consultant and then I joined this and then I joined this company when it was when it was like uh right at the start, you know, I was employee number one and Um originally, you know, it was me, it was me, the CEO, and two student interns. We've had no, we've had no investment. It's all been like selfunded, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: And um we've built up now we've got like nine staff, but we've got the we're trying to transition from the founder doing everything right. Like especially in terms of sales, account management.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: So, we've had we've we've had we've had sales people come and go. We've had a marketing person's um about to leave as well.  
00:03:24
 Dan Watt: Um so, we struggled with sales people being able to sell because um you know the founders not really passed on that I guess passed on that knowledge of like how we actually sell to people and where you know how to communicate the value and so on. Right. So we've continued to grow but we've not hit that you know we've we've got to like 700k revenue but we've not hit that like you know where it actually takes off beyond you know the founder also delivers a lot of the work so it's that so we're chipping away at different sections so I thought as the marketing man this year oh yeah then what led me to this is this year I thought I'll start I'll start trying to do a bit of sales generate some leads contacting people on LinkedIn, right?Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Dan Watt: And then um you know like a day a week or something and then you see you know and then that's you know that's opened my eyes to the the pro you know how inefficient it is you know what you know if you're not um I mean it's hard to do it as a part-time thing really um but you know what what's missing and so we're looking at the options you know we're talking to a um we're talking to a fractional this company that provide like a fractional marketing officer as one option.  
00:04:49
 Dan Watt: Um, and yeah, then I saw your thing on LinkedIn, so I thought I'd chat to you guys as another option. I didn't really I couldn't really like fully understand how it works. You know, there's lots of rubbish flying around with like companies just sending just like spamming people with AI and saying it's lead generation and stuff. So, um, but you know,Hassaan Ahmad: H.Dan Watt: I'm open to I'm open to hear how it works.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Well, thank you for that. And uh sounds like this is quite timely. So, I was obviously doing my research. I came across two marketing people in your team. So, one's content, the other one's uh your head of marketing.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Which one's leaving?Dan Watt: Uh the head of marketing.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Hannah Sterling. Okay. Good.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And any So, she was full-time, correct?Dan Watt: Uh like four days a week. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: SoHassaan Ahmad: And what's if you could have if I could make a if I could wave a magic wand and give you what you need, what would that look like for you?  
00:05:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: Are you looking for someone to come in full-time or do you just careDan Watt: Well,Hassaan Ahmad: aboutDan Watt: the the actual the output like we don't want to fill a role, right? The the output is what we get.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: So, at the moment, we hardly have any inbound inquiries.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: We get like one inbound inquiry a month, if that. So most of our most you know most of the most of the leads come through the the founder presents at some conferences goes to some trade shows like very you know very slowly like building his network right um so it's trying to that's the so I think you know ifHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: we can get to a point where once we get people on board like they stay with us you know we've helped people with new 5 years, you know, things like this, right? Um, but it's that if we had, you know, I think if we had much warmer leads coming in that we had 10 inbound inquiries a month, say, I think it would make a big difference.  
00:06:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. And when the lead come in comes in, so once they're in the door,Dan Watt: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: who does the sales? Is that going to be you or Nick?Dan Watt: at the moment it's been Yeah, it's been Nick and Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: now that's really like longer term we'll try and get a sales person back in,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: but it's kind of chicken and egg because there's not much warm leads coming in. So, you don't want to get when we've had a salesperson, they've not they've not got a warm lease coming in. They've done nothing.Hassaan Ahmad: Everybody wants to make money,Dan Watt: AndHassaan Ahmad: right? And if the leads aren't coming, the engine's not set up, then the person's going to go greener pastures.Dan Watt: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, I'm going to share my screen with you because there's a bunch of questions that I needed to ask, right? The way my approach is and I'll answer your question about what is it that we do in a bit after, you know, I have some more information.  
00:07:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, I've been in sales. I've led some revenue teams. So, I've got a very forensic way of looking at things, right? I'd like to get to an understanding of where you are today and versus where you want to head to. And off the back of that,Dan Watt: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: what I would be able to do is share some insights on what is it what what is it that you need to do and how much you need to spend and what basically the kind of mix you need in order to get to where you need. Yeah. If I can help, great. If I can't help, you can take the same thing and uh use that to challenge the other person that you're gonna uh work for that. Just that does that sound okay to you?Dan Watt: Yeah. Yeah. SoundsHassaan Ahmad: Okay. I'm going to share my which window am I sharing?Dan Watt: good.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm just going to share my entire screen because sometimes it just go.  
00:08:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: Can you see the sheet that I've got up?Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. I'll tell you what's on the sheet, but you're a Tableau guy. You get anyway. This is so this side is a pipeline calculator. Yeah. This is where we get to how much you want to make in the year, where you currently spend and so forth. Yeah. Um the goal that I want to get to is what is the volume that you need to hit if you were to target this revenue. Yeah. This is hard math based on industry standard metrics. If you don't hit this number, you're not going to hit this number. That's basically what the logic is. But what I'd like to discuss with you is this piece, right? So I saw you have four products. Is that the product mix? So any ingredient tracking insights and reports? Is that how youDan Watt: We've got we've got um we've got a couple more now.  
00:09:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: currently?Dan Watt: We've got price tracking and trackingHassaan Ahmad: Uh which one? Sorry.Dan Watt: priceHassaan Ahmad: Price tracking and activity tracking.Dan Watt: trackingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: and category tracking.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: But yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: category.Dan Watt: I mean it's it's all it's all very similar stuff really.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Fine. Um, these are separate products or baked into any.Dan Watt: Uh we're selling them as separateHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Gotcha.Dan Watt: products.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, for each of those products, what I So, you've already shared some insights, but I'd like to get to a better understanding of where the money is coming from, where do you see the opportunity based on, you know, the interest Nick's getting from conferences and so forth. And then off the back of that we can make a plan on if we were to do this or I can share if we were to do this what my approach would be. How would I approach this problem the revenue problem that you have um get you to the revenue  
00:10:12
 Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: target? Sound okay? Yeah. Okay.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh let's maybe start off with this number first. So you said you're at 700 right now. What what are you targeting as you step into this role that you'reDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: doing?Dan Watt: Uh well, what I keep saying to marketing is, oh, we, you know, to get to 2 million in,Hassaan Ahmad: 2 million thisDan Watt: you know, not this,Hassaan Ahmad: year.Dan Watt: you know, in the in the next 18 months, that kind ofHassaan Ahmad: So you want to add 1.3 mil. Uh what's driving that?Dan Watt: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Why 1.3? Why not 6 million?Dan Watt: just uh this just the number I came up with.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. I I always like challenging that because sometimes, you know, there's a fund raise hinging on you hitting a specific metric, but is there some kind of pressure like that or is itDan Watt: No, no,Hassaan Ahmad: just Okay.Dan Watt: there's no there's no external freshness.  
00:11:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: UmDan Watt: Well, we do, you know, we we had a meeting about,Hassaan Ahmad: fine.Dan Watt: you know, when can we exit when can we exit a company? What do we need to get to happen? What point would we be happy to leave? So, that was that's kind of number we came up with of like then we can do something elseHassaan Ahmad: Okay, look,Dan Watt: too.Hassaan Ahmad: getting to 2 million is you 3xing your revenue in the next 18 months.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Be done would require investment. Yeah, that's the only caveat.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean, you've got to spend some make. So, I'm going to make it 350K.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll send you the calculator. You can play around with it. You know what it is.Dan Watt: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. 350K because that's 50% of your revenue.Dan Watt: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: So the question I'm approaching, the way I'm approaching this is what is it going to take us to one and a halfx your revenue in the  
00:11:57
 Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: next months? Make sense? What's your current ACB blended or is there a specific product that you would want to focus on or you are focusing on as your primary acquisition vehicle for the next 12 months?Dan Watt: the the pricing the pricing and um ingredient pricing tracker ingredient tracker what it's focused on. So the that the current Annie on there is that's like our kind of legacy product that we're trying to um we're trying to move away from and move for clients onto these other ones.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, I'm going to call it sunsetting for lack of a better word. I'm going to make it crackers.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What's the ACV for the crackers?Dan Watt: Uh what does that mean?Hassaan Ahmad: uh average contract value annual contract value. SoDan Watt: Uh uh let's sayHassaan Ahmad: whatDan Watt: 10k.Hassaan Ahmad: 10K that's what you make from per client per year average?Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. 10K. Um and right now how many meetings does it take for you to convert into an opportunity?  
00:13:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So how many meetings are you or Nick in before you say all right this is an opportunity which we can realistically see a path to closing.Dan Watt: Oh, I'm not I'm not sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. I had a feeling you would say that given that your primary acquisition metric or method right now is conferences and Nick's personal network. I imagine there's a lot of there might be some interest coming in people who are curious but theDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: conversion conversion is a bit low. So I would make it four as in every four calls or every four conversations you have one realistic opportunity comes off the back of that. Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Now I imagine you guys once you've qualified someone you guys are really good at closing because you have a unique differentiated product. So is it fair to say that you close one in three of the opportunities or do you close one and two one in four?Dan Watt: Uh, I would guess a one andHassaan Ahmad: One and two.  
00:14:13
 Dan Watt: two.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Now, what that's telling me then is that if you wanted to close £350,000 in additional revenue in the next 12 months based on a £10,000 ACV and this meeting to qualified opportunity ratio, you need to be getting 23 meetings. So, you need to be having 23 meetings a month or 280 a year in order to be able to hit that. Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Now we can change this number and we can make it what did you say 1.3 million and the number just no way youDan Watt: Yeah. And thenHassaan Ahmad: can handle that volume which is why I didn't put in there.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So I'm going to make it 350,000. We can play around with the numbers once we get into it. Yeah. Does that number sound Does it resonate with you? Does that meet your uh what do you call it? Does it meet the smell test?Dan Watt: Yeah. Yeah.  
00:15:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: Sniff.Dan Watt: Makes Yeah, it makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Now, this is the other thing.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: This is where we get into how you're currently acquiring the customers and what does it cost you to get that lead. Yeah. I noticed that you aren't running any paid acquisition.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you don't have an engine to get the inbound in right now. Um,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: so I don't know if you have that number. Would you care to guess or tell me a number?Dan Watt: Oh, well, we're not Yeah, I mean on we're not spending anything on anyHassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Now,Dan Watt: stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: in your industry, and again, I'm just going to use industry metrics here, the cost to get a meeting is roughly, if you were to go paid, is between 350 to 500 per meeting. Yeah, there are ways to reduce that and so forth, which is where I come in.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh but most across the board most people would see that number.  
00:16:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So I'm going to make it 350 just so we are not being too overly optimistic and overly aggressive. Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Now what that's telling me is that you need to be spending about 8 grand a month in order to get this many meetings in order to generate this revenue. Yeah. Now, what ends up happening, now this is where I can tell you what can I do because I've been a seller and I've sold at some of the highest levels and I've sold some of the most complicated products. There are a couple of things that I can do that impact this metric. The first thing that I can do and that I'm really good at doing is taking the product to market in a way that increases um the inbound interest that you're getting. Yeah. So you get a very high quality and a steady stream of people coming in. Yeah. And I can show you some examples on how I engineer that. Uh but that's the first thing that I do.  
00:17:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: So that has a direct impact on this. My primary goal when I start working with someone is to bring the cost per meeting down as low as possible. And the second thing I focus on is this one in every three meeting. I target one in every two meetings to convert into a realistic opportunity. I target the same for you but one in three is what you should keep in mind. So if you start once you start impacting these numbers you can see that it directly impacts the investment that you need to make and that allows you to make investment decisions better. Yeah. My role when I come into an engagement the first thing that I do is hold myselfDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: accountable to these unit economics and ensure predictability for you. Yeah, once you have predictability, you can make resourcing decisions, you can make product decisions, you can decide what you need, how you want to get to and so forth. That's number one. The other thing that I do, and this is depending on how deeply we engage with you, is work as a partner on pricing, on packaging, and on strategy that helps you increase that.  
00:18:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So most of the times when I come into a situation I find that founders are pricing their product either too low simply because it seems reasonable and it seems low enough that there is minimal friction or they're pricing too high and then you know they're not getting any customers because you know they're emotionally attached to a product. So I come in as a third guy an objective party based who focuses on that right. I work with founders to develop some something like a business case. So this is my business case where you know how I justify my existence to people. I'll work with you to develop a business case framework where you can go in and you can justify the value of your product to your sellers. And that then enables you to ask for 20 grand instead of 10. Yeah. But again that depends on how deeply you want me to engage with you.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If you're comfortable with the 10, great. If you're not, I don't have to engage with you.  
00:19:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, this these are the outcomes. The mechanism that I engage in engage with is lead generation. So obviously if I'm doing this then I'm generating leads for you right behind that lead generation is a complete rework of your messaging of your market positioning your market research and so forth. So I will undertake the research of who is it who wants your product and cares your product. Understand why they care about that product. Come up with messaging that designs that speaks to just them. Yeah. And no one else. That has the impact of them coming in through the funnel warm and aware of what is it that you do. So you're not wasting your time with meetings that don't convert and then you can take them through the funnel. Yeah. I can be involved in the sales process as well. Again, that's a different engagement model. Does that make sense? Okay.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so now that I've told you what is it that I do, can we go through this and help and you can help me understand what would you like to focus on, right?  
00:20:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: What can we do together so that you end up getting the meetings that you need in order to get to the revenue that you need to hit? Yeah. Before we actually get into that, um, what have you tried so far? I saw that you've done some LinkedIn, but and I assume you guys are doing SEO, but is it just that or something else?Dan Watt: Yeah, we we had did a tiny spend on some LinkedIn ads andHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: didn't uh I'm not sure.Hassaan Ahmad: How tiny are we talking?Dan Watt: I'm not sure actually,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: but they said I was like we have to they weren't ready to put in loads, so they they just discounted it. Um yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: and that we've not really not really tried much. We've had the marketing the marketing lady's leaving. She was um she was a PR she worked for PR agency before and she's got us into lots of publications that's that's driven a lot of traffic.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, that's good.  
00:21:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: Um and then I said the founder gets invited to speak at speak on different webinars and conferences and things as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: That's the league thing when we we go to a trade show. Um we probably go to like four trade shows. I go to one I go to like one a year and the there's a mixHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: of there's a mix of like moving meetings on a stage seeing old cl seeing old clients and then just going like trying to get cold ones. We we don't have a stand. We just you know we just walk theHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: show.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, one thing that I heard when you were talking was, and I just I'm just coming back to it. You you mentioned that you're trying to migrate people away from Annie into the trackers. Is that correct? Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: How many customers are there for any right now?Dan Watt: Uh like 15 companies onHassaan Ahmad: Okay.  
00:22:51
 Dan Watt: there.Hassaan Ahmad: And are all of them when you migrate them to the trackers, is there an upsell involved or is it just a new a platformDan Watt: No,Hassaan Ahmad: swap?Dan Watt: just more just a swap. What the reason that the reason for the change is um the original Annie that one I built it like barely knowing how to code andHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: then we've um and then it got very hard to maintain and we also decided it wasn't very um it wasn't very profitable on like the amount of data and it was hard to sell and then we came up with a new trackers which a lot more focused on what theHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: benefits are for SoHassaan Ahmad: Okay. And are they web products? Web and dataDan Watt: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: products.Dan Watt: so the they're basically like at the moment they're like embedded um Tableau dashboards.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: So the way like so the ingredient tracker the way it works is it'll be like usually an ingredient manufacturer. They've got they they manufacture some ingredient usually like a branded version.  
00:23:58
 Dan Watt: So there's a so there's a premium to it. They want they want us to they want to know like every product that has it in compared to the the compared to the branded ones the highos like for them to use to sell into the brands and to like track the market I guess with some intelligence.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: Um we we um and then we've done then we've built a similar one for price tracking especially around protein powders and then um category tracking for contract manufacturers who you know manufacture otherHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Uh,Dan Watt: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: who buys it? So, if you were to define or describe your ideal customer today, where you think if you were to get a meeting with them, you'd haveDan Watt: Um, for the ingredient tracking,Hassaan Ahmad: aDan Watt: it would be a branded ingredient manufacturer. Um, preferably, you know, one that has a portfolio of a few branded ingredients. um as there's a few tiny ones that only only have like one.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: Um and then contract manufacturer like the category one and oh the other one is that we have some  
00:25:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: big dairies as customers.Hassaan Ahmad: Big dies.Dan Watt: Yeah. So they they're basically they sell the whey protein.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: So they've got they they make a lot of profit in the supply chain.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Okay. Your our laws etc.Dan Watt: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: And they also they also like the pricing like because they're obviously involved in settingHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: prices. So they like to see the price the endHassaan Ahmad: So,Dan Watt: consumer.Hassaan Ahmad: so what I'm hearing is a pricing tracker customer is a potential ingredient tracking customer and vice versa.Dan Watt: There is a bit of crossover with the dairies and then the then there's there's some big brands like um you know my protein one of our clients like they wouldHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: um they'll be more interested in the category they'll be interested in pricing and category. So it's like we so we kind of will end up like bundling bits together of what's um what's relevant for them.  
00:26:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. And is that a decision that you make just once you're in the cycle or what? WhatDan Watt: Yeah, it depends, you know, it depends like which team and what they're after and they might, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: infants?Dan Watt: they might end they might enter the first year with one and then see whereas previously with the old Annie one, it was like they had to start on 20, it was like start on 20k or nothing. It was very hard to get people in.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: We were selling more we were selling more like single reports to get people in um which we still have like as the entry level for all of this like people can just buy report which we use we use those tracker tools to make the report but it's just a snapshot of that point inHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Dan Watt: time.Hassaan Ahmad: What's your sales cycle like? How long takeDan Watt: Uh what is in how long?Hassaan Ahmad: you Yeah.Dan Watt: Well, then like how long is the cycle?  
00:27:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: How long does it take you to close a deal?Dan Watt: Oh, uh it might you know it might be six to 12 months it from people um initial conversations. Yeah. with the bigger companies likeHassaan Ahmad: All right.Dan Watt: that.Hassaan Ahmad: Um 62 months, you're not spending anything. Okay. What what's the pipeline situation right now?Dan Watt: IHassaan Ahmad: If you don't fix this problem today, whatDan Watt: mean,Hassaan Ahmad: happens?Dan Watt: we're still we're still growing year on year. It's just, you know, we're growing at like 5 10%.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, that's through your annual increases,Dan Watt: That's And you know,Hassaan Ahmad: correct?Dan Watt: we we are getting new customers, but it's just, you know, we're getting we're getting, you know, one. It's more like one a month. That's theHassaan Ahmad: Okay. 10% growth. So when you say one a month, you you're basically saying you've got about 10 to 12 deals, maybe 15 in the pipeline right now.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.  
00:28:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: All right. That's that's fair.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And what do you think the impact is going to be if the marketing person leaves? When's she leaving? In a month. Okay. So in a month when she leaves do you feel that by the time she leaves you would need someone actually taking haven't taken over or can you take along the existing activities?Dan Watt: Well, yeah. If if like if we did nothing,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: if we were given like no budget to do anything like then the existing the the the content creator would just she would take charge of doing the newsletters.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: That's um and then we might slow down a bit how much we post on LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Um, when you say post on LinkedIn, what are we talking about?Dan Watt: I was like, you know, we we post like three times a week different different insight likeHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: it's often more like insight stories. So that's been like part of my you know frustration with it is we move to this more like  
00:29:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Dan Watt: products. Historically we were doing lots of consulting where we'd give out you know be nice product examples. Now I've got on LinkedIn, you know, if I look at our followers on LinkedIn,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: there's a lot of people on there just like enjoy reading the free content, will never buy anything.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: And the same with, you know, who signed up to our newsletter, right? There's some relevant people in there, right? But it doesn't the the marketing you know the stuff we post on LinkedIn never seems to talk about our products and they get the marketing they they always get a bit funny aboutHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: it because they're like oh it never gets any you know it gets bad engagement whereas if we just give out stories about oh here's a new protein powder in the market that's interesting then yeah it getsHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: engagement but you know it doesn't seem to lead to lead to any uh leads comingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Um I've highlighted this cell in my sheet.  
00:30:26
 Dan Watt: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um what you're describing is the typical brand versus growth split or brand versus growth um predicament from what you're describing. Dan, you've got brand people who are optimizing for brand awareness. We're optimizing for engagement and so forth. Whereas what you're describing your goal to be is optimizing for growth.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm in the same boat as you. I don't care about how many people are engaging with my content. What I care about is how many are coming through the funnel. Yeah. Because engagement honestly doesn't pay my bills. Doesn't pay yours either. So that's the key decision that you've got to make. You mentioned that, you know, we talked about budget a little bit. The biggest decision that you have to make is how much of your budget is geared towards brand awareness versus growth. Yeah. My recommendation would be to deploy pretty much 100% towards growth because brand then becomes a consequence a byproduct of it.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:31:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: If you're going out to the right people with the right message and some of them are coming in through the funnel, right? There's other people who are not in the funnel right now but they become problem aware, they become solution aware and they start associating you with the kind of with with your solutions. then if they're ever in the market in 3 months, 6 months, 18 months from now, they will remember you because you've already done the part. So that's the number one thing. And if I were to put myself in a bucket, I I'm a growth guy. Yeah. The way we're structured is um actually might be helpful to talk about the team a little bit. The way we're structured is there's me who looks after the sales strategy, execution, positioning, messaging. Then let me see if I've got a slide somewhere. Wait, these are the engagement models. I'll I'll flip to that in a bit. I was working on something else for someone, but let me this is the team done.  
00:33:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: So I do revenue strategy and sales execution if I were to. My partner is a product and UX design guy. Yeah. So his job is to take whatever messaging we make and and turn it into really compelling visually easy to understand artifacts and stories and stuff that people can just resonate with. But the third person in the team is a campaign is a growth marketeer. Yeah. He runs six figure growth budgets across all of our clients. Takes the messaging that I give um and gets hyperfocused on growth alone. And I'll show you a couple of examples of when it works. it works perfectly. Um, we have our proprietary tech that we use for targeting and so forth. And then we we have our in-house research design and so forth resources. Now, the way or there's a reason why I've structured it this way. Yeah. And I'm going to ground that in a contrast. So, this is the ad that you guys ran in 2025. I'm guessing you got zero from it.  
00:34:09
 Dan Watt: Oh, it's probably just sign up to a webinar, isn't it? But yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: very little from it.Hassaan Ahmad: The reason why you did it is because look at this split.Dan Watt: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: over in the UK.Hassaan Ahmad: There's no UK in there. Like less than 1%. 81% from Egypt. And that is a pattern across all of your ads. Literally 94% Egypt, 75% Egypt, and so forth. Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Whereas what I do and this is one of my campaigns. Um this is what I optimized for. 95.78% UK. You know who I want to target? I wanted to target CXOs. 40% plus 21% CXOs. Yeah, that's what happens when you flip from brand to growth. Yeah, you get hyper specific on who is it that you want to go after with the messageDan Watt: So,Hassaan Ahmad: and with a call to action and then that's what that's when this starts happening. Yeah.  
00:35:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, this is what I do for my clients and this is what I would do for you. The question then is does that resonate with what you were looking for or do you have open questions?Dan Watt: so to understand the so, so to understand the service, right? It's like would it um Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: This is theDan Watt: So, so youHassaan Ahmad: service.Dan Watt: literallyHassaan Ahmad: There's three tiers. The first one is where I just generate pipeline for you in that's $999 a month that generates lead flow. You spend you commit to spending at least £2500 in ad spend. Yeah. For the pilot and then we can scale if you want to. What that includes is market research, ICP mapping, landing page and so forth. But the one thing that I would do is the founder thought leadership as well. So I would create the founder awareness from both you and ex-profiles and I can take on some of the work that your current content marketeer is doing so that they can focus directly on brand awareness stuff whereas I focus on the growth.  
00:36:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's clear that that's not their skill set. You don't have to go to market for that. I optimize for growth and I'm really good at it. Yeah, like really good at it. Um that's the 999 offer. for the 199 offer. Um, I don't think that is suitable for you given the current resources that you have. So, this is where I take over the generation of white papers, case studies, original artifacts, lead magnets, etc., etc., for you. Yeah. Reason I'm saying that's probably not the best for you right now is because you already have a resource. So, there's work that they could be doing. Yeah. where I could complement what they're doing is they do everything from a brand perspective. I would optimize everything again from growth perspective. So the stuff that I generate would be if I do a case study for you for example would be worded and created in a way that maximizes and optimizes for conversions. Yeah. The the final tier is the partnership where I'm actually working with you providing the strategy closing enterprise deals if we get them.  
00:37:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um we would have in meeting presence we would provide you feedback on your product road map. So whatever we learn from the market we would feed you back and we so my product guy the uh the meta designer that we talked about he would be in meetings with you talking about product roadmap and so forth. So this is where we become partners with you in your business. Yeah. Um that's the service looking atDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that. Is there anywhere you're leaning?Dan Watt: So for me to for me to get this for me to get this moving forward right the next step would be he persuade the founder right this big investment rightHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: so I'm just so I'm just thinking like you know what would he ask what are the objections and so on right at this stage to understand itHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: right so the on the pipeline. So you take the pipeline one, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: Um is that like right take over our website and sort that out so that it's optimized for growth?  
00:39:34
 Dan Watt: That's part ofHassaan Ahmad: We would That's That's a great question.Dan Watt: it.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, let's get all of your questions out and then I canDan Watt: Okay. So yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: answer.Dan Watt: it's one thing I think Yeah. Is it is it is it take over take over our take over our website which is in um workflow at the moment. Um, we've got a link,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: we've got a LinkedIn, we've got a LinkedIn personal, we've got a LinkedIn, um, company. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: we've got a we've got, um, HubSpot um, with our, you know, with our we've got a newsletter of like thousand subscribers um,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dan Watt: and a LinkedIn newsletter, right? Um andHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: then is that you know is the whole point of this that it's basically then we have it leads to more inbound inquiries that's the pipelineHassaan Ahmad: Correct. Yeah. Um, we would not. So, we would leave your current website as it is.  
00:40:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: I think your website is pretty good and it does what it needs to do well, which is create brand awareness. Yeah. As well as it is optimized for SEO, which is pretty good. Well, it's not optimized for is growth. Um, we would ask you for a subdomain. So, right now, I think it's nutritionintegrator.com or whatever. So, we would ask you something like, I don't know, get.nutritioninttegrator.com. nutritioninttegrated.com. Yeah. On that subdomain,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we would host our specific messaging that is that literally has one goal that's conversion. Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um that's number one. On the LinkedIn piece, absolutely. I think I would I would need to go and solution this better. But listening to what I've heard, knowing about your ICP, who you're going after and so forth. We are likely to find more of them on LinkedIn than anywhere else. Yeah, you already have the conferences and stuff covered. So, we would leave that be.  
00:41:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: On the LinkedIn, our job would be to we would use both your both your and Nick's profile as well as the LinkedIn page. More the former, less the others because right now you've got an awareness problem. Sorry, you've got a trust problem rather than uh you know conversion problem. So nutrition integrated is while it's a very specialist product because you haven't invested that much in putting it in front of the right people who have the conversion mindset. Um they need to know and trust the business a bit more and the trust comes through your personal profiles as well as the stuff that's already there. So we rep we would do both but we might lean a bit heavily on your profiles as opposed to the others. again um I would need to go and solution that and once we if we decide to move forward that is part of the decision that we would make the HubSpot stuff that's you you would own that you would manage it we would just uh manage the integration to it so whatever interest we get that would flow straight into HubSpot you would have your pipeline set up and so forth if you wanted me to come in and take a look at that we could talk about what that might look like uh but if you already have it set up and if you're happy with it  
00:43:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: then We believe that be yeah uh newsletter we would definitely while we wouldn't create and manage the newsletter itself that would be the job of your marketing person what we would do is see if we can use the current subscriber list to accelerate some of the work that we're doing. So if there are people already in the market that we could hit that hit them with the conversion optimized messaging and so forth and try to bring them in. Yeah. Does that answer your questions?Dan Watt: UhHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I would suggest that if what you have seen today seemsDan Watt: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: reasonable to you, then let us do another 30 maybe 45 minutes with Nick. Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um you have given me enough information so I can have something more concrete for him that we can run through. We can run through some numbers, some scenarios. um talk him through the approach as well and then you can both make a decision on whether this is the right thing for you or not.  
00:44:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: But the bottom line is pretty much this that you're probably paying three grand to your marketing person right now. For the same amount of money, slightly more, we could solve your growth problem.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's that's basically the upshot.Dan Watt: Yeah. And it's a lot cheaper than getting a marketing agency. They more like seven orHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Dan Watt: 8K.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean look my I would ultimately hope that you know you're giving me a lot of budget and so forth. Yeah. And I would run that. One thing that I haven't added here which I have been doing is I take a revenue share. So historically this has been that cheap because I've taken a 10% cut off sales. Yeah. That aligns my incentives with yours. If you win, I win. If you don't win, man, this 999 doesn't pay my bills. That's what it is. So, so that's why this is cheap. Um, so that seven or 8K, we hedge that through that rep share.  
00:45:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Now, that's the way we just do it. And we find that for companies in your position, 999 is a much better starting point. Yeah. the 2500 or 3500, whatever you spend on ads, that goes directly towards building your assets and your brand awareness and so forth. And then if you win, we win. Yeah. So, it sounds like there's,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, there's there's some alignment and what you were looking for and what we can do. So, would you want to Yeah.Dan Watt: So the sorry sorry so the 10% so the 10% was that of sales that you generate the revenue of a company what'sHassaan Ahmad: Yes.Dan Watt: theHassaan Ahmad: So if I generate a lead for you that converts into revenue within a predefined time frame, we could normally most of my clients go nine months. Yeah. Because one of the things that I do try to target is compressing that sales cycle as well. So from the day the lead comes in to the day it closes.  
00:46:11
 Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If it closes within nine months, I take 10%.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Dan Watt: Um and then what about what about recurring what about them?Hassaan Ahmad: that's Sorry,Dan Watt: What about them recurring revenue from the same customer?Hassaan Ahmad: one time. Just one time.Dan Watt: Yeah. Just one time.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, if it's a 10k customer,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I would take a grand. Um, and that's it.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And that's where the math works out in your favor, right? So, if you're lending them for three years, which I believe you would be, then you pay me one grand for someone who pays you 29 grand.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: Um, yeah. And then what I guess the other side to think about is like the sales the sales side like um, you know, at what point at what point do we have to get a saleserson involved in this? That there'sHassaan Ahmad: My recommendation is when you can physically not be in another meeting yourself.  
00:47:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's when Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: One of the things I always recommend to founders is every meeting that we bring in, record it. Yeah. Record it. Share the transcription with us. And then we can help you build the um we can help you build the internal knowledge base that you can then use to train the saleserson in. And part of what we do is especially for the partnership the 3500 pound tier is after sixish months once the company's at a point where the volume's coming in they have a predictable flow and they know how to run their process we just help the transition as well. So we then go from 3500 to 999 just doing the pipeline and theDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: internal person just takes over.Dan Watt: Okay. UmHassaan Ahmad: I've got another call in like 11 minutes. Um, so do you think it's worth us getting 45 minutes with Nick thisDan Watt: Yeah. So, um, in a couple of weeks,Hassaan Ahmad: week?Dan Watt: um, I'm I'm like on I'm on site with Nick.  
00:48:31
 Dan Watt: So, I'll see if I can organize something for them next time.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. What's onDan Watt: Well, then we're we're get,Hassaan Ahmad: site?Dan Watt: you know, we're getting together in the office because we work he's he lives in uh Newcastine.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. AllDan Watt: um did come stoke.Hassaan Ahmad: right.Dan Watt: So um I'll try and uh something in that day though when it'sHassaan Ahmad: All right. That would be good. Um,Dan Watt: down.Hassaan Ahmad: let's do this then as well before that meeting. Why don't you and I get together? Yeah. I can walk you through a proposal. We can see if that makes sense. If if it makes sense,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: then we can present it together to Nick the week after.Dan Watt: Yeah. Okay. I'm Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: I'm on holiday next week. So the I think Nick's going to be done on the Thursday. That's the uh Thursday the 9th and then I'm away the Easter Monday  
00:49:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: week.Hassaan Ahmad: So, when can we meet? Should we doDan Watt: So we can do the start every day like the start of that umHassaan Ahmad: Tuesday?Dan Watt: the the week being over six like Tuesday the 7th me andHassaan Ahmad: For you and I or for you and Nick? Okay. Um, do that. Let's do Yeah, maybe I assume you're not going to be working on the 6th, correct? Easter Monday.Dan Watt: Oh, no. I'm not working then.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's do the 7th. Then I would put it in for 10:00 a.m. for 1 hour.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Then you would see the invite come in shortly.Dan Watt: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Before that, I would get a proposal to you, have a read through,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and then in the call, we would crunch some numbers again. Have a think about what's a realistic revenue target. Yeah. 1.4 million is realistic.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You can't handle 87 meetings a month. That's just what it is. Have a think about how what's realistic for you where you are. Yeah. Also, have a think about the product mix because the product mix is interesting. There's there's a pricing and packaging question for us that I think we can play with in order to accelerate or increase the ACV. Yeah. And then yeah,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the upshot is pretty simple, man. Three grand, three and a half grand that pays for the whole thing. Yeah. Cool.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, Dan. Um, this was lovely.  
Transcription ended after 00:51:40

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
