---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Pyxi/Remotir – 2025/08/27 14:29 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:38:01.906Z
meeting_date: 2025-08-27T14:30:20.190Z
---


Pyxi/Remotir - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hello, bro.Adnan Khan: I'm good, man. I'm good. Can't complain to you.Hassaan Ahmad: This Hi, Alex.Adnan Khan: Can't complain to you.Alexandra Kasseri: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Adnan Khan: HeyAlexandra Kasseri: Good. How are you guys?Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Thank you.Alexandra Kasseri: Is holiday over?Hassaan Ahmad: Thank you.Alexandra Kasseri: Because I thought you you were on holiday.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm on holiday from tomorrow as much as I can be.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, I know that. I know how this goes.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Um, Alex, thanks for jumping on the call. Now, saw your email yesterday.Alexandra Kasseri: Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: I think you've raised some good points. We wrote a page email which was like one and a half pages long and then we could just it's better to have a comment.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, I think I think so. I think Yeah, it's best.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Good. I'm gonna um just share my thoughts but keen to just make this a conversation as much as possible.  
00:02:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: And what we're hoping to do is just finalize well reach a point where you're happy you know it works for us we have realistic expectations and we have a way forward. Make sense?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. No, sounds good. Before we start with the negotiation, um can you just give me like a like a oneliner of you know like now that you've seen a few things? By the way, Adnan, did you manage to get access to type form or not? Okay.Adnan Khan: If if any if anything if anything I lost the access I had but we were able we were able to get into uh the ads manager and dig through that a bit more.Alexandra Kasseri: Oh, okay.Adnan Khan: Uh type form would have just been like an additional cherry on the top for me.Alexandra Kasseri: I think well that's where the good stuff is. Um but yeah I think I may have removed you to add you again.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Maybe I forgot to add you. I don't know. But anyway.  
00:03:26
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yes. Okay. Fine. So what what is your what are your feelings about what you saw so far?Hassaan Ahmad: Now, do you want to take thatAdnan Khan: Um, yeah, multiple things. I I Hassan, I don't know if you want to go through that doc that we wrote or that email that we wrote. Would that just be better? Otherwise, I can do a quick ramble.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, I I just wanted your kind of like take away from, you know, like going into the data, seeing some creatives.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Um, you know, me having told you already how we're performing and where we want to.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Okay, I can I can give you some highle stuff. So, I think your like the biggest theme that I caught on to was like most of your creatives are still like very ad. They look like ads. They're very salesy.Alexandra Kasseri: Okay.Adnan Khan: Um, which basically like obviously nothing is your fault, but there is like room for a bunch of improvement and creative testing that we can just start to do right away.  
00:04:30
 Adnan Khan: I think the creative that you are like labeling as like that's the winning creative, we still think there's like room for that creative to be even better. So that gives us a little bit a little bit of confidence like okay, we can actually start to improve the conversion a bit more. Uh we can get the lead cost down. Um, and I I think there's like also the reason I wanted to get into the type form is um you're currently like the ad campaigns you're running, you're you're running it for the type form submit event. Uh, there are a bunch of other events in there like the purchase event that we haven't that I don't see any campaigns run against. Um, so strictly from that perspective, I think there's a bunch of optimization we can just start to do right off the bat. Um, and I and I think like when it comes to the creative part of it, there's you're running one creative at a time. Um, like usually we would try and do like multiple touches. Uh, so what that means is like there would be multiple creatives touching the person multiple times for them to like, oh, I actually should try this thing.  
00:05:34
 Adnan Khan: And then there's like additional optimizations we can do within the flows.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Um, so there there some stuff there, I think.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Um, there. So that's like the good stuff. Then there's there are things like I think one of the things you flagged is like I want to get from 1100 to 3,000 subscribers by end of September. No, I think October 10th is actually the timeline you gave.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: What's driving that?Alexandra Kasseri: What's what I'm just uh it's not specifically October.Adnan Khan: What's driving the what's what's driving that timeline? Why October 10th specifically?Alexandra Kasseri: I want to get so the the ultimate goal for this, you know, the the the the next three months, let's say, is to hit £10,000 revenue per month.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Mhm. Yep.Alexandra Kasseri: Um because I I just need this for my investors.Adnan Khan: Sure.Alexandra Kasseri: Um now this can be done. I think the best way to do this is if we increase that in conversion rate, we bring in 20%.  
00:06:41
 Alexandra Kasseri: And we keep growing, reach 6,000 subscribers, this will then, you know, create a machine and it will go on its own, right?Adnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah. So that is why I asked you that question is like I I think the wrong way to go about it is like oh let's just like throw more money into it and that'll get more subscribers. I think the right way to go about it is like Yeah, go for it.Hassaan Ahmad: Can I share my screen?Adnan Khan: Um, the rightHassaan Ahmad: I'm a very visual guy and I like looking at spreadsheets as you can probably tell more from my face. So what I've done here, Alex, is is model a quick kind of AB test of scenarios, right? This is your current situation where you're spending,50 a month. You're generating about 400 4 33 leads a month and your cost per lead is 242, right?Alexandra Kasseri: H. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Now, right now, you said you're at 1,100 leads, right? Which means you're looking for an additional 1,900 leads, right?  
00:07:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: To get to 4,000. If the cost per lead stays the same, which is another way of saying if you don't do the optimizations and we just go at it, in order to get to 1900, you need to spend 4 and a halfAlexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: grand. Well, right.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. That's if I do nothing, right?Hassaan Ahmad: That's that's if you do nothing, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If you increase the budget to 2500, which is what you said your max was, right? M and you still don't attack that, you're still in the hole for about two grand a month. Which is why what we want to do is we want to attack this part first, right? And we want to do all of the optimizations that Nan has said, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Bring that down as much as possible. Now 50% is the golden like you know it's it's the it's val for us, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: That's what we want to hit. We see a path to it.  
00:08:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: We don't know if we can hit it or not, right? Because once we start putting things out there, the algorithm starts doing its thing. We would know what the impact is and how quickly it happens.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We would see an initial drop really quickly, right? So, we'd go from maybe 242 to let's say two really quickly because the algorithm would pick some things up quite quickly. But then after that, it's going to be slower increments by the till we get to that 121. We're not going to stop at 121, by the way.Alexandra Kasseri: H.Hassaan Ahmad: will just continue tinkering and optimizing through all the various channels that we have. But the benefit of doing that 121 is that in order to get to the same 1,900 additional leads, your budget basically drops, right? You're spending 2,300 instead of 4,600.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And then when we increase the budget, you can see that it it scales up quite quickly.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So the absolute first thing that we want to do right and this is this is not up for negotiation right is attack that first because once we do it it lays the right foundations for us to scale on other ICPS launch new features do whatever we want right every pound just goes twice as far as it does now and that's that's going to be the goal We want to do this for the current offer that you  
00:09:47
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Okay. Okay. Um, so you want to do this for dinners? Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: have dinner.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Alexandra Kasseri: Okay. No, fair. I I understand this. That's fair. And these are good numbers. I like them.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Um, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we're not going to say that we'll take you to three grand until like October 10th, right? But that's going to be the trajectory. That's going to be the approach. We will We're a bunch of nerds.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You can probably tell we like tinkering around with the algorithm and pushing it as much as possible. So we drive it really down.Alexandra Kasseri: Now what I like guys is the numbers honestly I appreciate that I have anyway I don't want to go into detail but yes I have missed this tried I tried to work withHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: One thing, one thing I will, one thing I will caveat is like let's like let's not anchor to a $121 number specifically, but more look at it as like we're going to bring this cost down and bring the conversion up.  
00:11:00
 Adnan Khan: I would rather look at the delta because like once you one number goes down, the other goes up, that's where the delta will come from. But ultimately it's we need to make sure the like every pound gets you a lot more right now which we don't thinkAlexandra Kasseri: Yeah. The reason I asked you about whether you want to do this for dinners is because, and maybe I'm wrong, maybe you guys are right, we need to like nail the the offering we have now. So the way I was thinking about it is that if we start you know introducing the culture edit um you know the the shared ritual um this and that and the other I'm thinking in my head that it they all work towards the same direction right so it might just multiply the leads and one of the goals is actually to get the name out there so I think the the one of the reasons and I think this is improving I've seen the conversion rate going up this week. Um, I think it's also because people are coming back, but I think one of the reasons it was lower is because like we're a two and a half month old brand, right?  
00:12:10
 Alexandra Kasseri: We need to we need to establish trust first.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah. Um, yeah, that's going to be the goal, right? So, you've got a good thing going there, but there's a lot of room for improvement in our optimization.Alexandra Kasseri: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll attack that first.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: will steady the foundation so to speak and then every thing that we do on top of it you know it's various offers various demographics various creatives it just goes faster right so that flywhe effect starts coming into playAlexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and uh that's when things start working really well and that's that's why we propose a three-month engagement right because the first month goes towards fixing things then you start seeing the benefits ofAlexandra Kasseri: Yeah, I'm happy with that. As I said, the only thing is that I really don't want any stress um with, you know, like is this going to happen? You know, is that going to happen? You know, did I I hope you understand. I I I don't want to go now into details because I'm coming out of a very bad experience.  
00:13:18
 Alexandra Kasseri: But um how can we structure this? First of all, how are you thinking about this payment?Hassaan Ahmad: So typically It's up front, right? You pay us three grand at the invoice date and then we go into that. How are you thinking about de-risking it, Alex? Because what would work for you is the question.Alexandra Kasseri: Well, up front is definitely like 100% the the risk is on me, right? If nothing happens by the end of the month, then you guys get get your 3K.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, fair enough.Alexandra Kasseri: I get nothing.Hassaan Ahmad: So what would be preferable for you?Alexandra Kasseri: I think it's just that's why I asked you what are you comfortable with?Hassaan Ahmad: YouAlexandra Kasseri: I obviously don't want you to start working without me having paid anything, but would you be comfortable, for example, with me like paying half up front and half at the end of the month, half in the beginning of the month, half at the end of the month upon, you know, like hitting the targets that we agree we put and we put targets that we both agree we can hit.  
00:14:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, how about half up front and half in the middle of the month, right? I don't like doing performance links, performance link payments simply because you're a very smart girl. We've seen it so many times before. It's not it's not a science, right? It's part science and it's part art. So I don't want us to be in a position where conversion goes from let's say 13 to 19%. In theory we would have missed a target, right? But does that mean that the trajectory isn't there? Because the next week it could go to 22%. Based on the Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Okay, we can other deliverables, not the targets themselves or targets and part something else. Um, I'm happy with that too.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, I think that's fair, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, let's do it um by weekly payment like so fortnightly payment.Alexandra Kasseri: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: We we can anchor to some of the deliverables like we said or like I said, we're not going to budge on the stabilization piece.  
00:15:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: We're going to do that first.Alexandra Kasseri: H. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: simultaneously we can start working on the enterprise piece as you want. So I want to understand what exactly that is and what that entails because the last thing I want is to leave these guys with something that I should be doing which is the messaging and stuff away.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, I have done work on that. What I could use help with is a um finalizing it and completing that pack, that blueprint I have created. Um just making sure we have all the steps there on how to take this to market and actually um like you know start generating leads for this. We have some warm leads which we can start with but how is it how do we approach people for this?Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. And is is it the strategy piece that you're looking for by the end of the month or is it how much is strategy and how much is execution is the question.Alexandra Kasseri: Listen. So what what we need is we need to think what this should look like for when we go to the HR managers.  
00:17:03
 Alexandra Kasseri: We need to look at how we implement this. Um so that the employees are aware of it because we the last thing we want is that you know we have an agreement with the HR department. They buy 100 passes for the company but the employees never you know get their hands on these passes because they sit in some you know page that the organization has and like you know they never go to look at that. So yes, I am thinking I have put something together, but I'm thinking you guys kind of like help me yes with the strategy, but also how to actually get this to them and get them to notice us and come to us as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, without Yeah, send that across.Alexandra Kasseri: I can say what I haveHassaan Ahmad: But it sounds like that should be something that we can deliver comfortably by the end of September. And then one question for you and a deal would be can we target by company in LinkedIn or even meta?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, I mean this is this is all you.  
00:18:28
 Alexandra Kasseri: I don't know. I think LinkedIn is better for these things.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: At the same time, I want to position this as a unique offering. I don't want to position it as an an yet yet another employee benefit. I want I want people to understand that this is has has a story behind it. You know, it can develop into like a proper consulting uh program afterwards and it's something, you know, something new and fresh and unique and um you know, I want them to know about it. So, I'm willing to actually go down there myself and introduce it whenever it is that we start the collaboration with them.Adnan Khan: So to answer your question, yes, we can.Hassaan Ahmad: Right.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, I'm sure you can.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: Yes. And so the specific question was, can we target specific companies on LinkedIn? The answer to that is yes.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. But so my my concern with this was that I think HR man like directors or whatever like talent leaders are getting bombarded with this kind of stuff.  
00:19:36
 Alexandra Kasseri: So I was wondering whether there is another way because Hassan had that idea with uh emailing our existing um customers. I think that is a that is a good idea like we can start with this. I don't know how we position it but I think we need their perspective too before before we do that the the HR perspective I mean or CFOs or whoever is going to decide on this I think CEOs areHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: very aware of this problem um but like the HR departments are usually you know like it depends if if there is like a wellness or welfare officer um it's different but if it's like a you know like the regular HR departments they're usually um occupied with other more operational stuff um so I think to think about the strategy of taking this to market how how we want to approach and who we want to approach Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think there's Yeah, I'll have 11 hours on the plane tomorrow so I can have a think about it. But there's there's a couple of ways in which we can do it, right?  
00:20:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: We can brainstorm it later. send across what you have right let me look at this let me digest it a little bit there so there's multiple angles and multiple channels we can attack this through email is one the other one is you knowAlexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we could target the HR managers so the HR persona on LinkedIn while we target the companies so the employee persona on Instagram right to create that pull from the employees while we have that you know awareness generating on the HR side these are all the ideas that we don't need to think about and align on. But the first step is understanding where you are exactly what does the product look like. Then we can come up with some messaging that resonates both to the people and the employees, right? So the HR HR persona and the employees and then we can figure out how to put that in motion.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. No, that sounds good. Um and also the yeah and in terms of product we also need to make not not many but some changes there as well um in the quiz itself but also I think we need to put these  
00:21:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's something we can do by September end.Alexandra Kasseri: people in their own pool definitely in an enterprise pool but um also depending on what the what the client wants also in their own internal pool.Hassaan Ahmad: That's there. What do you think?Alexandra Kasseri: So, so let's say we have Google as a as a client. We do this for Googlers. The matching just for Googlers, but also for Googlers and Amazon and Yeah.Adnan Khan: So the so the quiz becomes white labelled to some extent.Alexandra Kasseri: So we do it to match people in one organization with each other to do something together based on this personality quiz. But we can also offer them the option of matching with others who are also in this enterprise scheme other client of ours. So I think we should start with like I don't know three or four put them all in one pool and then tell them you can match only with each other or you can match with others.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Got it.Adnan Khan: I want to I I want to brainstorm this so bad cuz I there's like there's like so many angles here.  
00:23:32
 Adnan Khan: Uh maybe maybe Alex, it would be good if you can send us like if there's any.Alexandra Kasseri: what I have. Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah, cuz I because I can like because I'm looking at the current thing and then I'm looking at this thing and I almost feel like this new like this enterprise thing is almost like a separate offering initially likeAlexandra Kasseri: I think it's the I mean I was even contemplating whether I should have a third option.Adnan Khan: Mhm.Alexandra Kasseri: So we ask them a question that says there's so there is a dinner or a cultural activity or whatever and we ask them one of the questions are is match me with my colleagues, match me with others inAdnan Khan: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Pixie Enterprise or match me with anyone in Pixie.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm going to look, let's brainstorm this. Let's not solution this here.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: There's angles to doing it and there's potential blockers, big blockers that will come in the way because any sensible HR person wouldn't want their talent mingling with the other company's talent.  
00:24:41
 Adnan Khan: ThisHassaan Ahmad: So, Alex, here's um I'm not going to solution this on the spot. I'll slack you on the side, but I think there is a step before we do this.Alexandra Kasseri: Yes. Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: And that step is getting some intel from HR leaders themselves.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I can set it up for you in a way that it's very very personal, right? It will leverage your LinkedIn. It will let's call it a LinkedIn sequence, right?Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we will set up I I can just set it up for you, right? So, a message would go, a connect request would go from your profile to an HR leader. When that HR leader accepts, you can ask them a bunch of questions around, hey, this is what I'm doing.Adnan Khan: Thanks.Hassaan Ahmad: This is what the idea is. Would that be something that's that you that you're, you know, you're interested in or could be helpful for your organization. We can ask them a couple of questions.  
00:25:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: We have like 10 of these conversations. We would know exactly what the product and the offer needs to look like and then we can go wide with it. And those 10 people will be your initial sponsors. Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: I have done I have some data on this. So I have had conversations with um leaders in that space before but um I think they all looked at it as something that they give the employee and they decide what to do with it. um considering that we're looking at this as the first step inside the organization to you know potentially have more um you know business with them after that I think we should should definitely and they are the ones that pay us we should definitely start asking this question because um I I do think it's a valid question that they might consider it a way that talent might leak to someone else, but they might just also see the value of socializing with uh other people um and that it's something that they would anyway do in their free time.  
00:27:06
 Alexandra Kasseri: It's just that the the company helps them um to do it via Pixie. So, it depends how they're going to see it. It doesn't it doesn't mean that if I'm a if I work at Google and I go out with someone at Amazon, they're gonna try to poach me, right? I don't What's that?Hassaan Ahmad: 100% would saying they would 100% do it because here's how the conversation's going to go. Hey dude, I saw Amazon's hiring. What's your referral bonus like? Yeah man, I get paid five grand for everybody I refer. Can you refer me? Cool. That's what the conversation is going to be like. and it's going to flow both ways. So, yeah, why don't you send it across?Alexandra Kasseri: All right, let's talk about it more then. I will.Hassaan Ahmad: Let We will support it. We can do it by the end of September.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, you like it.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, not going to commit to Oh, yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Do you like it?  
00:27:58
 Alexandra Kasseri: Do you support it?Hassaan Ahmad: 100%. I think it's uh like like we talked about the other day, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: For for people like Adan and I who are at the point in their career where we don't we don't really care about meeting new people that much, it's less interesting.Alexandra Kasseri: H.B.Hassaan Ahmad: But for the junior talent and for organizations on the whole, the talent leaders and the people leaders of the organization, the biggest problem is holding on to those people, right? is building those networks, those those connections that get people excited about working, which is a big problem right now in the in the early talent classes, right? And I think that's where this might be more tailored to.Alexandra Kasseri: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we'll have to think about how to position it, right? Because this would be a very guided sale. We would need to shape the way the leaders perceive it, the way they message it internally. We would have to somehow align it with we'll have to see how they offer it to their people because a lot of the times this might get anchored to their annual benefits renewal window whatever that is.  
00:29:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, we'll have to see how to sidestep it and position it separately because I don't want this getting clubbed into the 50 other things that they offer to their employees, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Needs to be something unique, differentiated, soAlexandra Kasseri: Okay, let's think about it. One conversation I had with someone here um was about using this to get people back to the office. That was one. The second that we um I'm just telling you because it's not don't think it's in the document. The idea is to merge um the different offerings for the employees. So for example, we have the neighborhood initiative. Um there is a bank that has people that work from home and they live in the same area. We group them together and they I don't know co-work um in their area. So there there's these two things that I know for sure um HR talent leaders are interested in because they struggle to get people back to the office, especially Jenzi. That's it. But yeah, I'll send it over and we can brainstorm more.  
00:30:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Sounds exciting. So, I'm just going to pull up my screen again because I want us to align on the deliverables and what we're both happy with.Alexandra Kasseri: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: So which screen you see this one quite the green ones are what I think should be the deliverables for month one.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Is everybody happy with it?Alexandra Kasseri: Um, I'll have to go through them. Okay. Let's see now. Begin to stabilize current ads and flows. Audit double down. bring down type for submit cost 20 to 30% baseline is track that okay there's another so the baseline is is pulled from meta right um we discussed another one before in your other in your excel spreadsheet um yeahHassaan Ahmad: 242. I mean, yeah, baseline is tracked at 480. We can or 242. I mean, they're both going to be moving in the same direction, but we can align on what metric we're going to anchor to.Alexandra Kasseri: Okay. I mean, all right. So, the the the the main deliverable I see here is or deliverable or target whatever drive up conversion rates by at least 7%.  
00:32:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Okay. So if we manage to do that first month, if you do all other things and you launch new creatives and you said in the beginning it will slow it down but eventually it will accelerate it.Hassaan Ahmad: Huh?Alexandra Kasseri: So that might actually generate more leads as well. What are we talking um in terms of ad budget? Do you need increase in the budget here?Hassaan Ahmad: I don't think so at this point, do we?Adnan Khan: I would I would say I don't want to touch the things that are already working. Like there is a 35 pound spend happening. I think that should keep going. I think any of the new stuff that we're going to do, I would prefer we do that on a separate budget. Like if if you can't if there is budget to go up to 2500 a month then I would run a separate campaign for a similar ad spend and then once we start to see the things that are working we scale it into the main campaign.  
00:33:08
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Yeah. We need to start our second stream of ads, right? Because at some point the winning one that we have now, well, to begin with, it's going to get tiring. So, we need to introducing that.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Hopefully, it will never get tiring and we'll have these 100 120 leads that we have now continuing infinitely. But yeah, we need to start the new ones. I agree. Um, you mean the additional 25?Adnan Khan: Um, Alex, where the 2500 mark? Is that is that where you're sort of comfortable with going up to? So, uh, I think you should just tell us a total per month.Alexandra Kasseri: No, I think you should you should guys tell tell me we have a target October 10th for 3,000 leads. I think you should tell me what is reasonable for me um to invest additionally to this.Adnan Khan: Okay. I I want to go talk to like my ads guy a deal. Um but it it definitely will like we'll definitely need more budget because I don't think it's going to happen on the current one.  
00:34:21
 Adnan Khan: Uh even if we can get the cost down by say 30%, I still think we're going to need two or three grand to hit that target. Um, but the problem is like my problem isn't the the problem I have with the October 10th deadline is we're going to spend a little bit of time first optimizing and when things are being optimized.Hassaan Ahmad: AllAdnan Khan: I don't want to open the taps up. Like I don't want to scale the budget up until we've optimized some numbers down, if you Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: right.Alexandra Kasseri: Why don't you take that um timeline as a guide and tweak a like move it a little bit and tell me what makes more sense so that we don't just you know start burning money with.Adnan Khan: Okay. Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: Alex, let me rephrase the question a little bit. What happens if instead of 3,000 it goes to 2,000, but the conversion at the same time goes by, you know, goes to 20%. Is that a good outcome?Alexandra Kasseri: What do you mean? If if the the but sorry the Yeah.  
00:35:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: So right now you're at 1100 subscribers and your conversion is 13%. Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So what happens by October 10th hypothetical numbers we get to 2,000 subscribers but the conversion has jumped from 13% to 20%.Alexandra Kasseri: But that is that is expected to happen anyway, right?Hassaan Ahmad: The conversion won't correct.Alexandra Kasseri: It does. So so the conversion is expected to jump 7% in the first month anyway.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: So that's irrelevant to the you know like it's in principle irrelevant to how many leads we how many subscribers we've got but it's also not it's it's very relevant uh for me because obviously the higher subs subs the higher the number of subscribers the more revenue I get because I'm assuming once we establish that it will work won't work for a day it will work for a few weeks to say the least.Adnan Khan: I I feel like we're we're approaching this as an optimization problem, but I what I'm understanding from Alex is like it's a scaling problem. So, if we can figure out a way to scale the current like ad creatives and like basically we can figure out a way to get from 35 a day to 70 80 a day while holding while dropping the  
00:36:41
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: metrics further down. That's what I feel like that's the problem here. It's not a case of like us solving optimizing the metrics at a 35 pound spend. It's about how can we bring the metrics down at an 80 pound spend a day or even higher. That's how I That's how I I I hear you both talk.Alexandra Kasseri: more scaling. But if you guys think there is room for optimizing there, please feel free. But it's one ad. So, you know, it's one ad and it's performing.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Can you make the ad perform, you know, 20 30% better that it's performing now? Please do. But it's just one app, right?Adnan Khan: Okay. Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: So it's it like we're not dealing with many things there. Um so more scaling.Adnan Khan: Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: Yes, it's probably exact.Adnan Khan: Okay. Okay. Let me let me get back to you like in an hour or two uh very concretely on the budget that we would want.  
00:37:47
 Adnan Khan: uh if I if I look at it from a scaling perspective then what I would say is optimization will happen as part of scaling because otherwise it's not scaling. Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: All right. So, I'll um I'll wait for your feedback, guys. And you know, like we just take it we just finalize it via emails, I guess, or on Slack.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay, that's fine.Alexandra Kasseri: Is that okay? I mean, I'm happy to discuss more now, but it's just it sounds that nan justHassaan Ahmad: Look, shoot across some numbers um you know what we feel it's reasonable and then we can align on that. But if you're happy with the structure, Alex, that you know in the first month we're going to do the basically whatever is in the green as well as you know do some scaling and we reshuffle some of the things from month one into month two and month three and so forth. if you're happy with that. Um, yeah.  
00:38:47
 Alexandra Kasseri: I'm happy with that. But just don't suggest something to me that I can achieve anyway if I invest this much money on ads. You see what do you see what I'm saying? Like if I I have a winning ad. If I if I put double the money in that ad, it might generate double the leads, right? So, I don't my cost will go up, but I will probably achieve because that's that's what I want to achieve, right?Adnan Khan: Your your cost will go up. Your cost will go up.Alexandra Kasseri: It's about I I'm let's say I I want to go from like a 100 to 200 How many is it per week? 1,900. So 280 something like that. So just make me understand like what is it that we're going to do? Like if it's just keeping things as they are and me fueling money in it, it's you know it's not it's not much.Adnan Khan: So, I don't I don't think that's where it's going to be. We're going to work through we're going to work in new creatives.  
00:39:55
 Adnan Khan: Um, it's not going to be one. There's going to be multiple creatives. We're going to have to test new events. We're going to have to test new audiences because currently you're localized into Canary Warf and Five Miles.Alexandra Kasseri: Exactly.Adnan Khan: Uh, we're going to be able to we're going to need to test different I know you're currently using Advantage Plus. So, we're going to need to we we tend to also test different placements that get better results. So, these are all the things that we'll do alongside driving up the spend.Alexandra Kasseri: No, butAdnan Khan: So, what you would notice is like if you just go in and change the number from 35 a day to 70 80, you will get like you will start to see more leads coming in. But then when you actually run the numbers, you'll actually notice that the cost per lead will go up immensely because meta doesn't like it it doesn't like scaling that way because like it'll get bored of the creative, people will get bored of seeing it,  
00:40:48
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Okay. But it shouldn't our our solution should not just be let's just introduce another creative and we'll see. We just I feel like we need to combine everything. We want to do new locations. we want to introduce the the culture edit. All these people could be the same people that we're attracting now. Um and we eventually want to go to the enterprise. So I'm just saying we're just putting the foundation now. Um, as you as you said in your proposal, like stabilize it and putting the foundation for it to scaleAdnan Khan: Yeah, I let me let me try and phrase it differently. I think because you're one of the few people who's actually aware of how to run ads, this thing's going to be in real time. It's going to be dynamic. Like we're we're not going to disappear for like two or three weeks and and give you updates that way. You you'll be plugged in as we do things. that there are certain things we're actually going to come and say to you like hey in this form can you do this can you make this edit can you do that and I think that will be the optimization process will go along the way um I I don't know if that helps I feel like we're I feel like you're trying to derisk this through like technical solutions at this point but I feel like we have a  
00:41:59
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yes.Adnan Khan: good we're like at a good point with the metricAlexandra Kasseri: No, it's fine. I told you in the email, I'm even happy with the commission, but I just think that our revenue is so small now, you know, I don't know if you want this kind of money, but I'm even happy to say, you know, like once you manage to hit me that revenue, if you manage to hit, you know, to help me hit that revenue by then, we can just even then talk about like a commission after that orAdnan Khan: Mhm.Alexandra Kasseri: a bonus or, you know, whatever. or whatever else it is. I'm you know I'm just very h happy um if I find a team that I can like partners that I can work with that understand what I want to do and like can you know think together with meAdnan Khan: Amazing.Alexandra Kasseri: on how we can take this to market and scale But yeah, what is thatAdnan Khan: Um, I I actually just got a response back from a deal. Um, we we may want to do we may want to start to get up to 75 pounds a day.  
00:43:17
 Adnan Khan: Alex, would that be something you'd be comfortable with?Alexandra Kasseri: going to I just want to understand what is it going to mean in terms of results or what do you expect it to mean? I don't want to like burn money just like just to Yes.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: So I I would expect that that 75 bare minimum initially gets you the same result for the first few weeks. So one or two and then eventually we start to get that 7% conversion we talked about and then we start to drop the lead cost that we talked about. Um the more you scale up the budget, the more you're going to notice that Meta is going to start to struggle. Um ultimately you want to hit that 3,000 goal from 1100. So we'll need to up the budget. We'll need to bring that cost down. I I yeah I don't know if like there's there's like a different way of asking that same question.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, Alex, if if the question is if I if I'm doubling the budget, does that double the lead double the leads that you're getting or does that more than double the leads?  
00:44:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? The answer is too early to say.Alexandra Kasseri: I don't expect this to be yes. Yeah, I don't expect this to be yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Too early to say.Alexandra Kasseri: What I would expect a yes to would be, for example, I have a winning ad that's actually for Canary Warf that we're using now for all dinners. If that is winning is if that is getting me a hundred leads a week and I double this like I make this same ad for Soho, will that bring me 100 leads for Soho as well? This I haven't done or we we did it maybe and it didn't work. I don't know. But that that could be an expectation. Anyway, let's not over complicate it. Um let's let's aim at 20% conversion rate. the um the leads are happening. They're coming in. We need to start diversifying. We need to start um adding all the other things that we're doing. As at the end of the day, this is going to be one platform.  
00:45:33
 Alexandra Kasseri: It will have the neighborhood initiative. It will have people from all over London. So, we need to know where these people come from so that we can actually choose what's the best next location. Um, so I think we just need to think, you know, like in take these things into consideration when we launch the next ad campaign. And uh there's a lot of retargeting as well that we need to do.Adnan Khan: That's that's the other stuff we will also need to set up. Uh because I know you said you don't want to do you don't want to spend ad dollars on it. You just want to do email nurturing and those kind of things. So those are the other three things we need to set up.Alexandra Kasseri: Oh, yeah. So, tell me a little bit. Sorry, I'm dragging this and I have a little bit of more time. I don't know about you guys. I have until 3:30. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What was the question?Alexandra Kasseri: Um, yeah.  
00:46:30
 Alexandra Kasseri: So, I wanted to hear a little bit about this. There are two things that interest me. One is, do you mean that people that have not purchased a ticket, we follow up with another ad?Adnan Khan: So, here's the way to think about it. You've seen an ad. It's usually a video that is very viral. It gives you some knowledge about something that you cared about. Okay. Now, I know that you you actually care about this particular thing because I've I on my end, I've seen the 95% video view or the 70% video view, whatever. Now that I know you're interested in this kind of content because you sat through the 30 40 second video, you wouldn't have done that. Now I'm going to retarget you with ads that are very specific to you. So what what would that mean? You looked at this video twice of like, oh, you want to have like this dinner experience in Canary Warf. Okay. Then the next time you see the ad, it's going to be a more sort of midfunnel version of that.  
00:47:33
 Adnan Khan: is like, "Oh, there was a bunch of people who actually had a successful dinner at Canary Warf and it's these guys who did it." And then the third time I show you the ad, it's going to be a very straight offer. Have a dinner with someone someone at Canary Warf and this is what you pay. Something like that. So retargeting when we think about retargeting it is touching people who've kind of 20% expressed interest in your thing but they didn't really click because they were like maybe it's a scam but then we show different ads to them multiple times to a point they get convinced and then they actually come in and then they actually subscribe. So people who tend to do who we've done like three or four touches with they tend to actually convert better than people who just come in cold through one ad. Now I think in your mind what I'm sensing is your your understanding or the way at least I understand you're saying retargeting is like people who've come in once they should buy again.  
00:48:31
 Adnan Khan: That to me is a whole different problem I think.Alexandra Kasseri: Oh yeah, that I also want to work on but um yeah, how do we do that? I don't know. I mean there's a lot of internal campaigns that we can launch, right? We can do some segmentation of audiences and all that. We can definitely do that. But what about the people that I've already purchased? There's nothing that's being done for those guys yet to What's that?Hassaan Ahmad: set we can set some something up.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean there's there's a lot of things, right? So immediately after the purchase, you could offer a plus one or 50% discount. The person already purchased, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So your cost position the of the additional 50% is nothing, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You could offer that if somebody's had a nice dinner and if you're tracking that this person was at this dinner, we could send them a survey straight after the dinner. Just say, "Hey, by the way, you get 50% off your next purchase or 25% off your next purchase if you fill in this survey or something like that."  
00:49:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: That gives you testimonial, right? that gives you other stuff that you know we could then leverage we could offer like there's a lot of ways to do this Alex like you know you could do referral bonus as well so refer three peopleAlexandra Kasseri: That is a Okay. We we do send the review. We also ask um Yeah. Yeah. We don't offer them anything. We just ask them to evaluate the event basically. And uh something that's interesting um I'm just letting you know I don't know how interesting it would be for you but I was thinking today we start get we have a question would who from the dinner would you go to a plus one dinner with um and that gives us kind of like credits for each customer right so we create like a credit system for the for the users and then I think perhaps we can runHassaan Ahmad: I like that.Alexandra Kasseri: competition and you know like say the the pixie like you know who's the most popular in Pixie in March uh who's the most popular in and we can run this and I think it might um increase engagement as well.  
00:50:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, look, it's a really exciting thing because it's the way I look at it is that it is a data repository wrapped around a really amazing social product which is just it's so cool about this. So yeah look there's a lot of ways in which we can do it right in my mind so as Adan was talking about the retargeting side of things from the ads perspective there's a separate motion that we can run on the email perspective right so we would call these there's multiple buckets of people who we can retarget right so there's abandoned cards for example you know who filled in the tie form but didn't buy right weAlexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: could target them there's people who filled Then they form, they bought, we could target them with something else, right? So they went on dinners, we could target them with cultural edit. That doesn't require ad spend, right? That just requires another touch, another channel, which we're all happy to set up, but based on the strategy doc, we'll do that in month two rather than month one, just so you know, we're realistic about the things that  
00:52:02
 Alexandra Kasseri: Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: we like and we're focusing on the right things.Alexandra Kasseri: Um, why don't I if you guys want to, I don't know, like tweak the current document. So, I have in my head, okay, what are we working on this month?Hassaan Ahmad: Of course.Alexandra Kasseri: Um, we can put or I I will put some numbers around this because I just wanna I I I need this to work, right? I need to work work. I need to think we're working towards something. Yeah. Yeah. Um, if you guys can like, you know, tweak this a little bit um based on what we discussed, that'd be great. And then I can, you know, just send it back to me and I can just go in and then perhaps like suggest some new things or whatever and then we can finalize it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I can potentially just share this Google doc with you and then it becomes a live thing that we can just Okay, so let's do that.Alexandra Kasseri: Okay. Yeah, sounds good.  
00:53:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and then Alex, since you want results literally in a month's time, right? and are gonna give away. We're not going to do any contract or whatever. Right? So once we have we have aligned on this plan, let's just agree. Let's just do a handshake on the email. Right? It's written. It's it's there and we could do any paperwork or whatever it is later.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I would just want the team to get started.Alexandra Kasseri: Um, okay. Sounds good. Um, let me just add Anna now if I can. Um, and yeah, please don't forget about cuz I was thinking a little bit of money I can spend on the neighborhoods cuz it's going to help us. I mean, it's the same people we're talking about, the same people that live in a neighborhood. They're the same people that come to the dinners there, you know, and just having these the different quizzes and seeing which of these people actually want to also be part of the neighborhood group helps me helps me in  
00:54:09
 Adnan Khan: help.Alexandra Kasseri: many things.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Helps me which neighborhoods I will go first. It helps me where I want to start dinners. Um, which area in London. So, it helps me in many things. It also helps me to diversify my product a little bit because there is a big competitor as we all know that does dinners and it's time left. Um so us doing something so different just shows that we have a goal a mission behind this a vision behind what we want to address. And it's just it's not like a Tinder for friends, right? It's not like opportunistic, okay, I don't have anything to do today. I'm just going to go out with some strangers. We actually want to make this longer term. We want to build the community. Again, I think it helps also the narrative and the brand brand awareness and establishment to happen.Adnan Khan: I think once we once we've like had like a week to play around with like the dinners, we can then even potentially start to roll out like the neighborhoods thing in parallel.  
00:55:11
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Yes.Adnan Khan: Um, I think what you might notice is like like I don't know what I don't know, but we'll we'll see what the results of the neighborhoods is on launch. It might be 1.5x better or 1.5x worse. I don't know. But ultimately, it's like I I think the end goal for you is like I want more subscribers into my platform.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, that's what I want because all these guys eventually what's going to happen is I'm going to move them to the app and then they one profile.Adnan Khan: Exactly. Exactly.Alexandra Kasseri: Alex is um going is is a regular at dinners, goes to cultural events, um uh works for you know like uh this bank and is a neighbor of made a veil.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Right. Right. So then then it's just us working on figuring out like what is the most attractive way to get people converted into the app.Alexandra Kasseri: Yes.Adnan Khan: It could be neighborhoods. It could be dinners, it could be the culture lights, could be anything else.  
00:56:17
 Adnan Khan: And I think that's something we can help you with and we can find out as we iterate.Alexandra Kasseri: because eventually like this is this is what we want people to have a Pixie profile, not just be subscribers of a platform. Uh it's broader because they're part of different things. So they can see offers there. They can see what the company offers them, what the neighborhood offers them. Neighborhoods would be paid, by the way, not in the beginning, but it will be it's $1.99 per month. Um, okay. I will re add you anything.Adnan Khan: Okay, we we might move you over to our Slack if that's okay.Alexandra Kasseri: Slack me. I'm mostly like I'm a I'm a I sleep with my phone. So, yeah.Adnan Khan: Uh we can we can do the we can sort the upgrade stuff out.Alexandra Kasseri: I don't know how to I don't know if I need to pay, but uh Okay.Adnan Khan: Um no, no, you won't. You shouldn't.Alexandra Kasseri: If I if I mean if I have to fine but yeah I'd rather avoid it because we're actually a lot of people on Slack so I have to pay individually for all of them I think.  
00:57:23
 Adnan Khan: Yeah, it's on your mute.Alexandra Kasseri: Okay.Adnan Khan: You're on mute.Hassaan Ahmad: say it just adds up. So yeah, let's not do that. Let's see if we can avoid the the the need for you to do it.Alexandra Kasseri: Oh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't know why it's not working. I'm pretty sure I'm doing something wrong. So, let me try to figure this out.Alexandra Kasseri: Okay, fine. Um, one last question. Did you guys think um I can't remember if we discussed this. We don't have a CRM.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Did you guys were you guys suggesting we introduce one or we continue as we are and then when we in when when it when we come to corporations then we do we we add a CRM then well weHassaan Ahmad: Where are you currently maintaining the list or the names of people?Alexandra Kasseri: so we have everything on type form we have our you know our back end and we also have um sorry also we have a partner app. Did I did I talk about this at all?  
00:58:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: No. And we can build a lot of functionality there. So, if you can help me with that, the design of that. Can I share my screen?Adnan Khan: Uh, go first.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm going to need to jump in like two minutes.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, guys, we're we're getting um purchase. Something's going on. Either people are back or but they're buying. They're buying a lot more. So, I might increase that conversion. Right. Target.Adnan Khan: May maybe they maybe they know we have access to your ads manager.Alexandra Kasseri: All right. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I was going to say that you just gave us access and look at the impact that that's having Alex would happen when we start Yep,Alexandra Kasseri: Ah, there you go. Fine. Fine. Um, I just want to like Okay, fine. I will send you like a screenshot or something. It's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: sounds good. Um, okay. Now, what I'm doing, what I've done is I have rejig some of the stuff on the strategy talk. Why don't you take a first look at it and make sure you're happy and then we can just send that across to Alex and just align on that async. What do you think?  
Transcription ended after 01:00:03

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
