---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Nick/Hassaan - 1:1 – 2026/02/12 09:31 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-02-12T11:14:27.030Z
meeting_date: 2026-02-12T10:17:33.234Z
---


Nick/Hassaan - 1:1 - Transcript
00:00:00
 Nicholas Clarkson: Hey Hassan, how are you man? Sorry my music. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, now I can hear you. How are you?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, not bad. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well. How was your fund admin meeting this this week? Was the fund admin, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh yeah, we had uh Yeah. Yeah, I had one yesterday. Yeah. Go. Fine. I It's a I'm probably the wrong person to be having these com. I don't quite know how to like I don't know. You've probably been on the other side like I have. Like somebody's You just know they're going to try and pitch you corporate software. It doesn't matter how good it is. if your head is not in that place. So, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Oh,Nicholas Clarkson: it takes it's like a multifaceted approach. Like I don't know if it's relationship driven or whatever, but I find a lot of the time it's just I don't know how to move it forward.  
00:01:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: walk me through it. What happened?Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, you know, they nod and they like what you do, but you know, it's we've got another solution. we've got other burning priorities. It might be in this team. Um, you know, what does a contract look like? I just I don't know if they're even in buying mode. And obviously there's that trust signal of like who are you? You know, I think it almost has to come from somebody from inside the industry to say this is the way it should be done. I I just I don't know. I'm I'm a little bit long in the tooth now of having advisory and fund admin conversations that they don't seem don't seem to be able to get foot in the door effectively or you know they they agree they agree but I don't know what it is I don't know quite quite if I'm articulating it but a corporate cell is very binary right do you have anything yes no okay we've got a solution We've got other corporate clients just like you.  
00:02:26
 Nicholas Clarkson: Fund admin is a whole different thing. And you know, I feel like that's a a delicate art of enterprise truly enterprise selling, right? Which I don't I don't have. And I'm I'm not going to pretend I do. It's, you know, this is why we need to hire, you know, executive salespeople that that just know how to operate in this space, you know. So, yeah. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: very expensive though.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah, but we we'll raise we're going to I mean, we we offer, you know, we offer the promise of equity, right? which is like you're just another corporate cog and how about you ownHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: something for a change. So that there's an allure there. We've got a guy who might want to come and come and join us. So I don't think we'll ever really nail it until until we get more money.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What What are you offering?Nicholas Clarkson: to be he's just going to do he's probably going to do some contract work.  
00:03:32
 Nicholas Clarkson: So, we'll do some bridge equity. Um and then he's he's identified as the new whatever enterprise seller and then once the funding round starts then then it formally come on board. So, I don't know what that looks like yet, but it's, you know, it's like it's in what does a contract look like? What's, you know, that stuff? You know, it's like, oh, this is a good idea. Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: let's do it. And then you've got to go and do a load of paperwork, which you don't have time to do.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: AndHassaan Ahmad: I'm asking because up till very recently I was an enterprise seller, right? So if you need if you want to run some numbers through if you want advice or whatever more than happy to help sat on the other side I know what would make me want to come on board an early state startup um so if you need someNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: intel I'm your guyNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.  
00:04:32
 Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, very good point. Yeah. I I will Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: yeah absolutely mateNicholas Clarkson: I'll put some bones on it and then maybe I'll chatHassaan Ahmad: yeah more than happy to help. I think you're right though.Nicholas Clarkson: together.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, fund admins is a different game and with large enterprises and people like that in general, they're used to getting like you're probably the third pitch they're going to get that day, right? So, the challenge that you have to overcome is making it resonate with them as quickly as possible. If you don't do that in the first 30 seconds or even one minute of openingNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: the meeting, these guys, they've got attention spans of like how manyNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. And they're all I you know,Hassaan Ahmad: words?Nicholas Clarkson: it's weird because I I feel like I read read people quite well. Like I can tell when somebody's do in a well- paid job but they don't love what they do.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Nicholas Clarkson: I just see it all over their face.  
00:05:40
 Nicholas Clarkson: And like when I sense that somebody sort of doesn't really want to be there, I pick up on that. And I and I'm like I I also just,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, for me it's like meaning purpose. I just I don't I'm not that person. I'm not the person to strongarm anyone into anything. I'm the person that goes,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I've got a, you know, a vision. Come along for the ride and you're part of it. You know, which is why I can raise money, but I'm I'm I'm not really a salesperson. just be deep down I just because I it's not me at all.Hassaan Ahmad: And you shouldn't be.Nicholas Clarkson: It's a different it's a different skill.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I respect itHassaan Ahmad: It's it's a different skill set and it's a different temperament as well.Nicholas Clarkson: enormously.Hassaan Ahmad: So when you say that you can't relate with someone, you know, who doesn't want to be there and, you know, you get switched off, where are you,  
00:06:28
 Nicholas Clarkson: Well,Hassaan Ahmad: man? I've lost you.Nicholas Clarkson: I can The thing is I can relate to them, but I I relate to them too much. And then I'm also probably um I'm probablyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: what's the word? Um sorry, my train of thoughts going. I'm probably too wedded to the product. You know, for me it's high stakes. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: so like that emotional detachment on a salesperson, you know, they they've got thicker skin. They're just built differently. I am not that. No,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: know what you're not. I mean, this true be true for you, right? We've all got our weak areas or it's not even weak areas.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: It's just things that we fundamentally don't want to do. Like it's just not there's a reason I left the corporate world and the reason you've done the same, right? It's because you want to get aligned to your mission. And if you start deviating from that like you start you start getting miserable again it's like just remember that you know it's the luxury of being a bit older you know who you are and like I in a sense I'm uncompromising in that now I'm  
00:07:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: like I am this way and I don't think a salesled founder could do what I could do because they wouldn't be all over the product and passionate about it like I So, you know, it's the rub.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Try not. You can't be all things to everyone and do everything and manage everyone and be brilliant at everything. It's just just a fallacy. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Well, we can try,Nicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Nicholas Clarkson: Don'tHassaan Ahmad: So how does how does how does Barack because when I think about these situationsNicholas Clarkson: youHassaan Ahmad: and you being in these situations I would imagine this is you being the productled founder who's super passionate right for Barack to be driving it because Barack's supposedNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: to be that seller you know who can be emotionally detached level withNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: them meet them where they are and bring you in and lean on you only it's not.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, that's how it should be.Hassaan Ahmad: So does that how it happens or do you  
00:08:44
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, it operates better when it's when it's when it's in that approach.Hassaan Ahmad: likeNicholas Clarkson: But there's a few things like again this is like nuances of enterprise selling, right? Barack sometimes shows up and he's in a coffee shop or whatever, you know, like or he he doesn't know the domain too well and I I understand that, right? But it's like these are serious people and you know you've got to you've got to appear as an enterprise product that you're ready for them and any any seed of doubt you know occasionally dropping the word oh we're a young company you know like we're we're sort of we're giving them the excuses beforehand it's like stop with all of that you know and I think that's where we'reHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. There's aNicholas Clarkson: we're you So Barack is struggling.Hassaan Ahmad: but hopefully the new seller that you bring in solves that problem because whatNicholas Clarkson: It'sHassaan Ahmad: the data is telling me is big companies are noticing youNicholas Clarkson: big companies orHassaan Ahmad: right are noticing you.  
00:09:50
 Nicholas Clarkson: what?Hassaan Ahmad: The story is resonating with them. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and I think you have a real shot at finding a champion or two in some of the larger companies that would take the risk with you. And I've used this word taking the risk very deliberately because at this point at the enterprise level, you're not selling them a dream, right? You're selling them risk mitigation. Um, you're selling them three things. You're either selling them revenue generation or revenue increase, which you're not. You're selling them cost reduction, which you probably are. But what you're really selling them is the third thing, which is risk reduction, right? That's that's what an enterprise can do if they were to go fusible,Nicholas Clarkson: H.Hassaan Ahmad: right? or any buyer who backs you, it is a matter of personal risk for them to go with an unknown quantity which you are in the space right. So what you really need to find in organizations any large organization is what an enterprise set would call a champion.  
00:11:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: A champion, someone who levels with you and who who can relate to your passion and who can fight for you when you're not in the room. Right? That's the textbook definition of a champion. What does that mean? It means that that's the person who would go in,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, see someone at the proverbial water cooler and say, you know, we need to be looking at this product to solve this, this, and this problem for us. Right? They're the one who would be networking internally on your behalf, not because they love you, but because their personal game is tied to an outcome that your product delivers.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's enterprise selling, right? And enter. So, when you say it's relationship,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: it's not really. It's all about alignment with what that person caresNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. But those people are are,Hassaan Ahmad: about.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, talking about this because, you know, you you even talk to a general counselor or a company secretary or or even a CFO and sometimes they just they only really care about looking good in their role.  
00:12:11
 Nicholas Clarkson: They don't really think about, you know, this is maybe where you're probably educating the board going, "Right, you want your teams to be more effective. They're all just working in their own systems, fragmented data,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: right? How do we get them working better together? Well, we we we use software that actually brings them together, right? That's logical. You know, that's maybe the boardroom educational piece, which I think is true.Hassaan Ahmad: JustNicholas Clarkson: And then you're right about the product champion. And this is true for me, right? I I think I have a sense of the future of where software is going and I don't mind adopting an early product because I know they're going to build all the features I want but right now it's it's great already and they go you know I can see I know the state of corporate software these guys this product I've done that with Atio with framer right I've just gone early because it's like this is the way and I don't care about the missing features because the these guys have got so it's kind of like that early adop what you call it the the innovator and the tech curve people who are a bit more progressive in their thought process going yeah I do actually care about the the other people outside of my function and I'm quite interested in technology  
00:13:34
 Nicholas Clarkson: and I think this is this is the right path but then that's it's kind of a leap of faithHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: right and That's probably why we've struggled. Um, how do you find those?Hassaan Ahmad: champions.Nicholas Clarkson: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: I lost you there for a second. I think you were saying how you find thoseNicholas Clarkson: sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: champions.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah, it's it's that, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So,Nicholas Clarkson: it'sHassaan Ahmad: let me present I agree with all of that, but let me present a different perspective which is based on my years of selling. In large corporates, people are less passionate about, and by corporates, I mean large enterprises, whatever industry they're in. They're less passionate about the solution that they believe in, right? Because at their scale, they're a small or a big cog in a very big machine. When I was at I was at S&P, that was a 18,000 person company. Moody's was a 10,000 person company. and a plan was 2,000 person company.  
00:14:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: I was very small, right? I had a big mandate, but I was a very small cog in a very big machine. When you're in that position and anyone I've come across in that position, they're not thinking about, oh, this technology is really cool, etc., etc. They're thinking about how does adopting this make me work in front of the people who either hold the power to promote me or hold the power over my compensation orNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: can avoid the stock options or whatever.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: like where does this fit into my career trajectory and it's often like yes there are people who are very passionate and so forth and you're lucky if you find them but 99% of the time at least this has been my experience people are caring about that because if you look at their career trajectory if you look at their LinkedIn you would see them going from one mandate to another to another like they would be zigzagging through the organization trying to get more power more influence andNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: so forth So when you go in and you talk about hey this is the future of tech what they're like okay but how does that help me right so what you've got to do is got to frame it in a way in terms of outcomes that they care about those outcomes are very very likely driven by personal motivations but those personal motivations are very integrated linked with some financial outcome or some corporate outcome.  
00:16:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: So what these guys thrive on is saying is solving a big problem for their company that in turn makes them look really good in front of the MD or whatever, right? Who then says, "Hey, this guy's a risk taker.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: He saw this problem. He saw this innovative solution. He was very deliberate and mature about it. He did author due diligence and brought that in and look, he's achieved this outcome." Right? That's the story arc you've got to accomplish with these guys.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If you miss that, right, if you're missing that corporate outcome, if you're missing that this is how you personally benefit from it without saying it, you're going to miss the sale, right? Because the tech is very,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: very interesting, but for them, they're getting pitched 10 interesting texts a month, right? You're just kind of your your competition is not against Diligent or whoever. Your competition is hey, you're going to put out you're going to pick a fire to put out for your own personal gain, right?  
00:17:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yes, that helps the company, but it helps you both. That's the only reason to do it. When you're putting out that fire, you're going to need some tools. You have the option of three tools to pick from. This is this is why you should pick as the tool. Um it is a skill set though, right? This is something that needs to be developed. Well, there's science that you can think, but then there's the art of it, right? You have to be in situations like that, look them in the eye, deal with these situations day in and day out in order for you to get to a level where you can just have that honest conversation with So I think that enterprise seller would definitely help um if they are a true enterpriseNicholas Clarkson: I think you're right. There is I I try to think that way.Hassaan Ahmad: seller.Nicholas Clarkson: It's like the psychology of of the other person, you know, it's like people, you know, if you're tax or treasury very often, you're the only expert.  
00:18:18
 Nicholas Clarkson: People don't really understand what you do. They just trust that you're the one. But if you have tooling which all of a sudden goes,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: look, I'm I'm presenting to you some other we're doing a debt restructuring, right? the debt's going in here and I can show you on our corporate structure exactly how it's going to work and how we do carve out the risk from the group. Yeah, that's just an example, right? Previously, you wouldn't have been able to do that. Now, actually, you're able to get that engagement with the CFO, with whoever, right? And it's like and you look good, right? Because you you were a first mover in that approach where you somebody else was. So, yeah. Um but how do you what does a pitch look like on that? You know, do you go what are your hopes and desires inside of the organization? What are your aspiration? You know, you sort of want to find that that out without asking.  
00:19:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: So the way you do that, and this is just me spitballing here, but the way I would do it is, hey, we're finding that the gap between CFO, the office of the CFO and Treasury is getting narrower by the day.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The CFO is treating the treasurer as a trusted advisor more so than you know somebody that they just go to when they have a problem. And the treasurers who are more likely toNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: withstand that and actually elevate themselves to that level of a trusted adviser to the CFO is one who has answers to questions immediately. Not in 3 days, immediately. Right. When I speak with treasurers, what I find is one of the biggest things stopping them from having that is just very clear, very accurate view of where all of the intercomp relationships sit.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: When a CFO asks them, hey, we're running into this situation or we have this acquisition opportunity. How does that impact the rest of the group? The answer is almost always give me three days I'll come back to you.  
00:20:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: Not let's look at it together,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, exactly. Or they're or they're spending, you know, 50% of their time is doing the admin stuff where it's whatever KYC or whatever,Hassaan Ahmad: right?Nicholas Clarkson: just gathering information. It's like, well, we're going to give you that time back. You're now much more empowered to do the cool stuff. And like you say, when somebody asks for something, you go, "Well, I'll show you right now. I've got it in the platform.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I'll give you access.Hassaan Ahmad: But if you notice the difference between what you're saying and what I'm saying is I haven't talked about efficiency at all. I haven't talked about them saving time so they can do more s***, right? Because imagine someone comes to you, right? You're a CEO now. You have been real pressure before. Someone comes to you and says, "Hey, can I spend 12 grand on this? It will save me half of my time.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, it's not compelling.Hassaan Ahmad: What would you say?  
00:21:24
 Nicholas Clarkson: It's not veryHassaan Ahmad: You'd be like, "Dude, go f*** yourself." Right? That's what you would say.Nicholas Clarkson: compelling.Hassaan Ahmad: Even if it's not your money. Someone comes to you and says, "Nick, six times in the last four months, you've asked me some questions and I haven't been able to answer because the tooling was lacking." Right? And that has cost us, right? That has that cost us that deal and that deal and that deal, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I've come across this solution which will enable me to give you the answers immediately the next time you have a similar question. Do you envision yourself being in that situation where you need that information from me? The answer is going to be yes because that's your role, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Well, as much as even that's not that compelling,Hassaan Ahmad: LikeNicholas Clarkson: I think it's like, you know, there are, you know, if you the treasurer is going to the board or the CFO going, you know what, there's a whole bunch of risks that we're not managing and the reason we're not managing is because we can't see them.  
00:22:22
 Nicholas Clarkson: This tool is going to actually help us identify them, which for you as a board member is important, right? Because you're on the hook. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: it it's and I think that that's a statement that's absolutely true. It's like they think they've got their stuff under control.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: The re real reity check.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: No, you don't. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: but again, a lot of this stuff is gone.Hassaan Ahmad: But the way a champion the way a true champion would frame the entire thing internally to the board is guys we did this audit audit of our exposures and risks and we have uncovered these seven exposures that we didn't know before. The reason they weren't on the radar before is because our tooling and our processes were inadequate. We've done an audit of the tooling and we have identified some critical gaps that need to be filled in order for us to have a clear view of where our true exposures lie. I want to solve that problem because if we don't solve it, it's going to cost us whatever.  
00:23:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: And you personally, Mr. board member, are going to be on the hook. The board member is going to be like,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: "Okay, I'm listening. What do you need?" Well, I need 12 grand to buy this tool because it's the only one I've come across that gives me this exposure and I'm going to need to retrain the company or retrain my whatever, right? It's going to be a three-month project or two month project and at the end of those two months, this is what we're going to be able to do. Can I have the 12? That's what they're going to do. Right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, again, I keep on saying, stop talking about your product, right? your product is very very good but it's a means to an end. You've got to first make the person visualize the end and then tell them that hey the means to an end is actually this and this is why your current tooling is not going to take youNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: there.  
00:24:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, just hire me man.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: No, give me give me Yeah. Well, I'm expensive. Don't worry. I'll train the other guyNicholas Clarkson: Well, I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: thatNicholas Clarkson: I mean, it's like Juracell, right? You you buy cheap batteries, get less power.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: I don't reallyHassaan Ahmad: when the new guy comes in, I would love to spend some time with him,Nicholas Clarkson: believeHassaan Ahmad: right? And uh we've had some really good conversations. I think we can ramp him up or quicker when they're in the room.Nicholas Clarkson: if you wanted to throw your hat in the ring and have a conversation. I mean, just speak up. I just I was assuming you're always what,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: you know, remote here as you're you're growing your own baby. So, and I assume that's true. So,Hassaan Ahmad: it is my baby. But I I'm a seller through and through, right? when I see opportunities to sell,  
00:25:11
 Nicholas Clarkson: uhHassaan Ahmad: I'm just like like last night I came across this guy who got a gig at um Anthropic, the company behind Claude, and he's like leading the customer success or it's like,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: bro, I should just hit him up. Go get me inside Amazon because I want that equity. But that's just what it is, right? It's a product that I know I can sell and I can sell it really really well. Um, it's just enticing. It's old habits byNicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: hard.Nicholas Clarkson: I think anthropic seems to have unlocked the corporate the enterpriseHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: opportunity.Hassaan Ahmad: The connectors play is just insane. And I'm seeing the dominoes starting to fall. I saw somebody, one of my previous managers at um he's now at a company called Walters Clvers.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm sure you came across Fredbe. Um, so he's with WKFS now and he was just talking aboutNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: how Anthropic is unraveling some of the old giants like his company stock his personal stock tanked I think 20% in a day last week and we were just having a conversation about that and the opportunity that has fun just but that's where that's where something like your product becomes extremely important.  
00:26:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: And that's a play you should consider because what the view that we were discussing yesterday is that just like in the '9s, 80s, you had devices,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: computers, the only way to interface with them was through some complicated DOSs or whatever it was called at that time. Then the operating systems came. Microsoft came, sorry, uh, Windows operating system and the Apple operating system came. And what that did was made inter or inference interface with the tool with the deviceNicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: easier. If you think about what Microsoft and Apple has unlocked, it's just an easier way to just work with the device. Correct. Our view is that this is the same thing happening again where that layer the machine is always going to be there. The person is going to be there as well. AI is now a new way of interfacing with the machine and make and getting more out of it. But the way you get more out of it is through specialist tools that know what they're doing and they handle a specific use case really really  
00:28:13
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, exactly. Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: well.Nicholas Clarkson: it's not generalized AI. It's really specific.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. SoNicholas Clarkson: And ours is even though it's even though it's a really niche area,Hassaan Ahmad: where?Nicholas Clarkson: you think about it's, you know, a good part of our new investor story is like the lever is the know what you call it a graph database, a knowledge graph.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: And no one can offer that sort of intelligence,Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. So that's the play, right? But if Anthropic is going to be the new Microsoft,Nicholas Clarkson: right?Hassaan Ahmad: right? So it's providing the operating system for this agentic word which allows you to orchestrate agents and that talk to tooling that talk to the machine and so forth. They're going to own this, right? Somebody's going to own this. See there's going to be Gemini or Microsoft if it succeeds in buying OpenAI or XAI or Anthropic like these are the four companies which are appearing as the front runners and probably all of them are going to have a share of the market.  
00:29:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: If they're going to own the agentic human to agent interface level then where you play in is the agent to tooling layer.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you've got the tool for it. So if you become the the choice for the agent to go to wheneverNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: somebody asks what is my exposure, you're gone.Nicholas Clarkson: Exactly. And it's kind of a it's sort of a moat, right? Because it's it's a really significant product without AI,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: right? AI can peer in and query it, but it doesn't know. It doesn't hold the data. It can't get that fromHassaan Ahmad: can't right it will hallucinate so much if it doesn't have access toNicholas Clarkson: scouting.Hassaan Ahmad: structured connected accurate data man that sorry that isNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: your series A play this is your series A play I think whatever story you're building um I'd love to take a look at it but I think this is the story you should tell this is what you're  
00:30:13
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that plays into sort of defensible AI and how do you articulate it in few words, but my thesis is like this is very siloed in legal andHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: coc needs a rethink. These are the problems, right? And and I said the solution is the common thread is the group structure chart. Turn that into a graph database. Then you bind on all the data sets to it. Then you add the architectural layer for the finance teams. Then you introduce inapp communication and then you have your AI layer which understands everything right and what you essentially stripped it back and built it right out to to a multifunctional lens going right what does CFO need from this what does you know and it's funny because you know this acquisition inquiries come from you know board intelligence right they're looking at entity management tools the irony is they're co-sec tools which is not board intelligence and it's like this is because I actually got a spider diagram which goes they go deep on co-c execution but they don't serve these other stakeholders.  
00:31:22
 Nicholas Clarkson: If you want broad intelligence you've you've got to make it useful for all of them. So it's this spider diagram actually we don't go as deep on legal as them but actuallyHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: it starts to serve those other stakeholders and that's actually call it like raising the capability ceiling. I love kind of I coined that phrase.Hassaan Ahmad: Boom.Nicholas Clarkson: I was like it's we're in this sector but we're raising the capability ceiling by rebuilding it through a group uh a multifunctional lens thatHassaan Ahmad: I can tell you've been spending some time with investors cuz that's that's the kind of s***Nicholas Clarkson: thisHassaan Ahmad: they buy.Nicholas Clarkson: and the thing is it's like you guys you won't care what our valuation is. This is a multi-billion dollar opportunity. You won't find one come across your desk in in the near term. And if that's the message got it's like holy s*** this is brand new. Uh the market's already massive. The incumbents are big and this is a new type of capability and the AI play is enormous.  
00:32:21
 Nicholas Clarkson: I I I could probably lean more into that. I I haven't overcooked AI but everyone's talking about AI but if you understand how itHassaan Ahmad: What?Nicholas Clarkson: we're protected by it and we offer a pathway which you know China was doing this right they are going really specific on AI deployment you know they're not going to whatever generalized knowledge it's like AI in this industry should do X very specific right and and this is to your point we're all now gettingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: annoyed and frustrated with the AI cuz it's just it's generalized, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Where it becomes really powerful is where it's like it just knows that specific well better than anything else.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: I've I'm envisioning one slide that can tell that story. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: probably needs a whole slide, doesn't it?Hassaan Ahmad: so I mean it just needs a few images,Nicholas Clarkson: I mean it probablyHassaan Ahmad: but visualize this, right?Nicholas Clarkson: pro.Hassaan Ahmad: So you've got a human, right? You've got logos of anthropic, open AI, Gemini,  
00:33:41
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: maybe Grock. I love Gro's logo, but and then you've got specialist Tulink. So whenever those agents want to output something it usually is in a PowerPoint format or doc format. So whenever they need to visualize something theNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: standard is they would visualize that as as a figma right or as an image whenever they need to whenever the query is about exposures group exposures currently there's a question mark there because the tools do not have a way to one extract data two wrangle and three present an output. That entire layer that entire space is empty question. So the play for your race is ownership not leadership. Ownership of that category, right? And what a 10 million investment or 2 million investment buys someone is a chance at owning that space. So the next time somebody goes and asks the Gemini Enterprise or the Grock Enterprise or whatever, what is my exposure to X, Y, and Z, the AI has a tool to go to to get that information to base some inference to base some analysis on top of it and return and insight, right?  
00:35:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: And but then if somebody says,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: "All right, I made this decision. We're going to implement it." The AI can then just change the graph, right? Incorporate that new information and that's accurate as of that moment.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That you can show it all in one slide. That should be your opening slide. That's it. That would get people hooked. Your next slide should be Why can't AI do it without the data? And that's your whole spiel that you always give, right? Data lives in legal. It's in silos. Nobody has accurate data. Nobody has accurate ownership. And if AI, you throw five same documents at AI, the AI will make a mistake because the AI doesn't lack the air lacks contextual knowledge. That's why AI can't do it today. Can somebody vipe coded? Uh well,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: anything can be vipcoded, right? But where this protects you is that once you're in an organization, it's proprietary data.  
00:36:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: You own it. Nobody else does. And if you continue adding value, you become incredibly hard to replace.Nicholas Clarkson: And that also gives us I mean that's an up upsell lever right this is what ATIO has done whereHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: it's like you you pay for the core application and then you get you pay you know you've seen this right you pay for research agents and whatnot and it's like that we can capture that value ifHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: we I mean I've written a load of things down off the back of this because this is like use of funds a lot of that will be in AI right I need an AI slide that really nails it going okay this isn't just any other AI It's like there's been a whole a wave of generalized AI, right? We are not that. It's it's the pathways on domain specific.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: So I'llHassaan Ahmad: I think the market has moved on from just wanting AI.Nicholas Clarkson: uhHassaan Ahmad: People are more mature now, right?  
00:37:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: And this view, if I can see it, then people smarter than me who are managing billions can could see it 3 months ago, right? And that that's very similar. You will never compete with Anthropic. You will never compete with OpenAI and so forth.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Whatever agent you have,Nicholas Clarkson: We're not tryingHassaan Ahmad: what's stopping them from what's stopping Anthropic from dropping another set of uh what did they drop last week? Um frameworks or whatever that tanked WKFS is SAP's share price.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: It was just one thing that they launched. there there's nothing you can do to stop them from competing with you if they wanted to. But what you can do is tell a better together story.Nicholas Clarkson: Hey,Hassaan Ahmad: It's your tooling makes their AI smarter by giving them a structured placeNicholas Clarkson: but then the the good thing is they would never enter our world because that that's notHassaan Ahmad: toNicholas Clarkson: their, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: never say never.Nicholas Clarkson: we're such a high but it it's  
00:38:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: Never say never. The battery has dropped.Nicholas Clarkson: like but the AI they their market is notHassaan Ahmad: Like the thingNicholas Clarkson: niche corporate structuring. They'll never entertain that.Hassaan Ahmad: isNicholas Clarkson: They would watch something go, okay, we'll just buy that, right? I don't I don't I don't Microsoft again wouldn't do it. You know, it's it's only going to be people that have lived it and they understand it. I don't I I just don't see a world where any AI company goes, "Oh, we need to build a a governance group structuring tool." It's like you're distracting them from their core business, which is conquering a world with AI. It'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: justHassaan Ahmad: not really. So I've been an enterprise seller and about half of my conversations with the product teams go somethingNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: like hey guys I was in a conversation with so I went to meet my CFO colleague and he happened to have the CIO in his room at the same time they were just talking about something I've uncovered this opportunity on which they're spending currently 300k with a different, right?  
00:39:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: What would it take for us to develop something that I can sell them for 150k? Take out that seller, right? Can we develop that? Their response is always, sounds interesting. Can you validate that? Like, is there a bigger demand for it? Help us build a business case around it.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: like okay I'll go to 10 of my other customers all CFOs and I'll be like hey the product team is discussing this this is the exact challenge that this would solve is it worth solving for you if eight of them say yes the next question is going to be will you buy it for 100k if I could do it the answer is yes I go to the product team and I'd be like I will generate a million in this year's revenue if you give this feature to in the next two months. That's their businessNicholas Clarkson: It's just not that's not going to happen in us.Hassaan Ahmad: case.Nicholas Clarkson: We've got we've got data lock in. You know, you data migration from an old tool is a is a one of the problems.  
00:40:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: It's like, well, we've got all the history. We'd have to migrate. We've got other priority. I just I just I think that's all b*******. I don't think the the biggest threat is enterprises start building their own tooling because they think it's pretty easy. But again, they're getting away from their core business. AI businesses are not going to copy us. It's the threat is really going to come from other people who know our space are going to try and do the same thing. But IHassaan Ahmad: All it takes all it takes is one really motivated person who's very curiousNicholas Clarkson: justHassaan Ahmad: and who's got time. I came across this news the other day where I think it was a UK top 20 law firm where an associate saw a problem and I don't know man she was just probably really motivated. I'll try to look up that story if I can. She developed a tool that the law firm is now rolling out to their global locations because  
00:41:48
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: it is that good. One person wipe coded that. SoNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Fine. But what is that tool?Hassaan Ahmad: yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: How complicated it is it? Like it just depends. You know, you can build a CRM in six months.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I don't think you can build fusible in six months. You know, it just depends. Some products are quick to ship. Some are kind of glorified GPT rappers.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Others take years to innovate and they require loads of research and you don't have the knowledge to actually know what what what the what all these you don't know what legal need. You don't know what tax need. You don't you have to have been in the corpor. So like it's like it's a big leap of faithHassaan Ahmad: And that's why that's your slide two in this deck,Nicholas Clarkson: toHassaan Ahmad: right? So slide one is why is this necessary? What's the opportunity?  
00:42:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: Slide two is why can't AI replace you? That's your story. So slide one, AI needs us. Slide two,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: AI can't replace us. Slide three. Still really good deal. Just get it. Give us some money and get it on the ground for aNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. All right,Hassaan Ahmad: while.Nicholas Clarkson: I'm going to get to work. I've got a load of notes, so I'm gonna This is It's weird. This is like It's all a crystallization of all my knowledge now being articulated in a new story, which has never been done before. And how do I capture that in a make it turn it into lightning in a bottle? I've never done it. Like, now I know what we are. And it's like it's got to go down on paper to perfection. It's kind of enjoyable in a sense because it's it's not it's 20 years of knowledge plus four years of learning, you know, opening doors, talking to people and all the rest of it.  
00:43:41
 Nicholas Clarkson: It's like, okay, before we were very product centric and, you know, now it's like, okay, no, this is evidence-based information. Like, you don't have to believe us. Here's 10 articles that that that say why why this problem needs solving. Here's how big the market is. here's I'll prove to you that AI can't kill us, you know. Um, you know, and it's then you become undeniable because it's like before you had a question, you've answered it,Hassaan Ahmad: You want me to help you withNicholas Clarkson: you know.Hassaan Ahmad: this?Nicholas Clarkson: Um, yeah, I I'd love to get your take, but I'm we're wireframing. We're just going a little bit into design mode, so I'm I'm probably 80% there. So, I'd love to get your take when that's I I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicholas Clarkson: you're you've got away with words, so I'd love to get um Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Let me know, man.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah, I would. I'dHassaan Ahmad: What are we doing about the webinar? We're 15 minutes over,Nicholas Clarkson: loveHassaan Ahmad: but are we doing that webinar?Nicholas Clarkson: um Yeah, let's just get through some stuff first. It's that it's there. We've got we've got an outline and uh we'll just see how we um we get on.Hassaan Ahmad: AllNicholas Clarkson: I just struggling for time right now.Hassaan Ahmad: right.Nicholas Clarkson: So yeah, it's we're only a week since we had the conversation. So, but there'll be a few things that drop and they're delivered and then got bandwidth for other stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: So, um we're just in Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: sounds good. All right. Well,Nicholas Clarkson: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: let me know.Nicholas Clarkson: I know we ran over, but we there's a good chat around everything, right?  
Transcription ended after 00:45:29

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
