---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Open Partners/Creative Score - Demo – 2025/06/03 13:00 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:39:56.144Z
meeting_date: 2025-06-03T13:01:18.608Z
---


Open Partners/Creative Score - Demo - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: How's it going, John?Jordan Seeley: very well. How are you doing?Hassaan Ahmad: Good. You're looking a bit grainy.Jordan Seeley: This is what having two kids under two does for you. Is I'm notHassaan Ahmad: ThatJordan Seeley: going to lie.Hassaan Ahmad: was the case then. Hi. Should look rainy to you.Jordan Seeley: Oh, grainy. I thought you said great. Both would be true.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jordan Seeley: I mightHassaan Ahmad: Hi, Mike.Mike Harper: Hi gents. How's it going?Hassaan Ahmad: It's going really well. How are you? How are you? Well, how are you doing?Mike Harper: I'm okay, thanks. It's Yeah, a bit busy. Sorry I'm late.Hassaan Ahmad: No, no worries at all. Um, if you hadn't said it, I would have said you're uh pretty much on the remote time. You know, everybody shows up a couple of minutes late. That's it.Mike Harper: Nice way of phrasing it. Remote time.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:01:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Good. How was the holiday? You were off for a couple of weeks, right?Mike Harper: I was I was in Morca. Um it was absolutely beautiful. Apart from there was one day it was the worst thunderstorm I've ever seen. There were I'm not exaggerating this. There were like um hailstones the size of like marbles. Really, really heavy, really, really bad. And I was looking on the weather forecast that day as I was sat in my room and it was like 27 degrees in the UK. I was not impressed. And then I came back to the UK and it's rained ever since. SoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, but it has been pretty amazing over here as well. like, you know, over the past month or so, I haven't felt the urge to go to a coast somewhere because it has been such amazing weather whereMike Harper: where whereabouts are you based?Hassaan Ahmad: uh I'm in London, IMike Harper: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: think.Mike Harper: you're inHassaan Ahmad: Jordan.  
00:02:35
 Mike Harper: London. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, Jordan, you're in London as well, right?Jordan Seeley: Hello. I'm in Cardiff in South Wales, God's country, where it's been lovely and sunny. Uh even though it always rains, even when it's nice. But yeah, it's beenMike Harper: Nice.Jordan Seeley: a interesting start to the summer.Mike Harper: Not been to When did I go? Cardiff. Um, no. 2022. I went not been for a while.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Well, there's uh no time like now, but Mike, let me quickly introduce myself. I know we talked a little bit on the email. So, I look after sales for creative score, right? I know you were talking to Isa before in your Jordan so um don't know what kind of introduction is necessary over there but I I work very closely with Jordan to just make sure that you know I cover the commercial aspects of things um if conversations go down that route right but the purpose very much for this call was to kind of follow up on the meeting that you had previously right where you saw a little bit of alignment with creative score right um I believe you looked a little bit at the tool as well so what we wanted to do today was uh spend a bit more time on the tool like really kind  
00:03:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: of take you through it and take you um help you understand you know the model and the uh the thinking behind it right and then we'll just have an open conversation around where or if you see alignment with what you are trying to do at open partners right and then we'll take it from there does that sound okayMike Harper: Yeah, sounds good.Hassaan Ahmad: perfect so with that um Jordan can I pass to you but before that Mike you said that you were You're going to bring or potentially going to bring your director to this as well. Is thatMike Harper: Uh, yes, I did try to invite Ed. He's at a hospital appointment, though. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, okay.Mike Harper: um, but I've got the meeting assistant, so I can, yeah, catch up with him afterwards.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. All right. Perfect.Jordan Seeley: Okay, perfect. So, I'll start off by giving us uh a recap of our last conversation like partially for partially for Ed so he can get it from the meeting assistants and also partially because it's been a few weeks since we spoke.  
00:04:38
 Jordan Seeley: So I remember that you were particularly interested in the reporting side of what creative score does. So your background being uh conversion rate optimization. So specifically how creative score could be used to not only track and report on key attributes but add context by scoring those against behavioral science best practice. So um you started by saying you were looking for a tool that allowed you to kind of tag things up and identify certain aspects and then use those for conversion rate optimization. And I I mentioned that we we're tracking over 200 different attributes. It actually keeps going up in our back end. It's not being published to the front end yet, but in the dev environment, that number is always increasing. And the you're you'd be able to add the context of okay, the creative score thinks uh this attribute scored this this highly. So that gives you an additional level of context in addition to kind of machine learning model against the performance that you're seeing on the front end. Um, I did mention that the the level of detail you were after, it wasn't something we currently offer and nor is it something I'm aware anybody currently does.  
00:05:44
 Jordan Seeley: So, specifically, you gave an example wanting to know where the best place to put the brand logo is. And while creative score can provide kind of scientific guidance based on natural reading patterns, scanning patterns and contextual cues like objectives. So things like if the go if the goal is brand awareness, the brand needs to be a high percentage of the attent of the attention. So if you it's a brand awareness ad then looking at a F or zed scanning pattern top left corner is probably the logical place to put a a brand logo. Whereas if it's conversion and it doesn't really matter. it wouldn't be as effective. It doesn't really matter where the brand um the brand logo is because there are other cues to drive a conversion. Um and ultimately creative score just wouldn't be as effective for that kind of granular detail as a large scale multivariate testing program, right? Where you can put the model in 50 different places, spend spend 2020 20,000 and figure 20,000 and figure out exactly where if there is any difference at all.  
00:06:47
 Jordan Seeley: Um, however, what it does do is provide detailed feedback on the expected response your target audience would have upon seeing the creative and recommendations for how you can improve that. Um, so I know we talked about kind of your background is in conversion rate optimization. I believe that your director, so Ed's a creative director and ultimately you the agency is producing a lot of creative content. Um so our underlying model the model upon which creative score was built uh has been proven to drive sales uh to drive increases in sales 20 to 45% almost immediately. But I do want to clarify and this is important for Ed because obviously we've had some conversations previously Mike but I want to on the record for Ed if he goes through the meeting um the meeting assistant that the model was was the model uh was originally built and the case studies taken primarily from industries that don't provide the same opportunity for testing as somebody like Autotrader who we didn't clarify if Auto Trader is a client of yours or not. It's an example you used on a previous call but it's a good example for us to use whether they are or not.  
00:07:50
 Jordan Seeley: um when you have one shot at a campaign, there's a lot more writing on it and that's where creative score really comes into its own because you have no option for um multivariant testing in that in in that environment. So while that inevitably kind of creates additional value in industries where feedback is hard to come by. So things like um company compan companies we're talking to at the moment in financial services so insurance or pharmaceuticals where they get one shot um and they have a large sticker price and a single selling opportunity maybe a complex sales price uh process. There are still a number of applications that are relevant to DTOC brands. Now we never actually got into whether or not all of your clients are D2C companies, whether you've got a mix and I'd like you to like to ask that question once I've recapped everything. Um, but the companies we talked about last time were DTOC brands. So, go ahead.Mike Harper: Yeah, it's probably a bit of a mix.Jordan Seeley: Okay, perfect.Mike Harper: It's quite a healthy mix of Yeah, all sorts of companies, all sorts of business models,  
00:08:50
 Jordan Seeley: So,Mike Harper: someJordan Seeley: soMike Harper: ecom,Jordan Seeley: thatMike Harper: some lead gen. up.Jordan Seeley: so to be honest, that's great news for me. So, the um because so creative quality accounts for kind of 40 to 70% of ad performance depending on which studies you believe. Um, but there's been a weird strange like prevailing thought that has developed over the last few years that because of the way ad platforms work these days, you can just produce as many creatives as possible, as many creatives as you can and you just let the algorithm figure it out. Now, this is something that, you know, if you spend any time on LinkedIn listening to marketing gurus, they're all talking about trusting the algorithm, it's doing my head in. Um but the reality of it is with a big enough budget that is somewhat true and this is where this fallacy comes from is if you have enough money to spend you can create almost infinite creatives and you can test all of those creatives and eventually a platform like Meta or Google will find some creatives that work.  
00:09:49
 Jordan Seeley: What it leads to is a lot of wasted budget testing creatives that were always doomed to fail and were never going to work. Um, but like I said, I'm not I'm not going to try and b******* you or Ed. If you have clients with those kind of budgets, you can kind of test your way to pretty good answers. And the fact that the company has hired you as a CRO expert tells me that that's exactly what you're trying to do and that you're trying to f well, I say that I know because you told me last time that that's what you're trying to do is come up with a nice kind of CRO process to test creative and find all of the right answers. And I don't think necessarily the creative score will hugely improve the quality of your answers, particularly on D2C brands. It can definitely help you where you can't use large scale testing because there's limited feedback, but even on the kind of the most low-end high volume DC brands, it can help you get there quicker and therefore a lot more efficiently.  
00:10:45
 Jordan Seeley: So, but where the the oneshot strategy still matters for that kind of brand is when it comes to launch excellence. So, when you're launching a new product or a major campaign, you don't don't get to throw a bunch of creative up and see what works. The example I'm giving everyone is um I once took over Bankstation with a with a client and we had every single board in Bankstation for a two-eek period, which was fairly expensive as you can imagine. If you're doing that kind of activity or a TV ad, the same company would regularly do TV ads in Sky Sports on a Sunday afternoon where the slots were costing nearly half a million pound, you don't get to do a do a doover in those situations. So even if you're a direct to consumer brand, those minor improvements can make a huge difference on the kind of there's still those instances where you get that single shot. The other the other stuff that I have um before we get into a kind of more natural conversation is I know that you are currently working with Neurons.  
00:11:43
 Jordan Seeley: Uh I read between the lines that it was a relatively new partnership last time. I don't know if I was accurate with that. I I kind of had in my head that it felt like you'd been working with them two or three months. Um I don't think it's you naturally relevant if you don't for you to disclose that. Um but obviously Hassan is familiar with Neurons and Neurons is a um eyetracking software that does some of what we do. Um and so there's some duplication of one of the aspects of creative score. The And that is everything from our recap of last time I think. Is there anything I missed there Mike?Mike Harper: Um, I can't honestly remember to be honest. I mean, yeah, I can recall us all talking about that. I couldn't recall if there was anything else to be honest. It was over a month ago, wouldn't it?Jordan Seeley: Yeah. And it was it was definitely we we had 15 minutes and I think I talked at you for 14 of those 15 minutes.  
00:12:40
 Mike Harper: Sounds like we did quite well in 15 minutes.Jordan Seeley: Um, okay. Okay. So, the other thing I want to cover before we get started because I don't want to um I want to make sure I don't miss it is our product road map. So,Hassaan Ahmad: actually before we get into product roadmap MikeJordan Seeley: okay.Hassaan Ahmad: um I I was wondering if based on everything that you've heard right now. Um, and the fact that it has been a month, maybe longer since we last spoke, um, is that still the situation? Are you pretty much in the same border or have things changed somewhat on your side?Mike Harper: It's pretty much in the same boat of still looking at all the options out there for essentially what is like pre-esting which I'm guessing is what you're getting at Jordan withJordan Seeley: Yeah.Mike Harper: things like bankstation where you're giving yourself the best possible chance of success. Um, there's other tools that we're using at the minute, as in we've got an extended kind of free trial on.  
00:13:39
 Mike Harper: Um, I won't go kind of too much into that. I'm sort of interested to see what you have to share and have to say, but I haven't found anything yet that sort of really hits the mark of what we're looking for.Hassaan Ahmad: And what is that?Mike Harper: So taking a step back, I know Jordan you mentioned about um kind of creative tagging and that sort of thing. In my head that is a distinctly different thing. So for you guys around pre-esting, it's something that one will at an absolute basic level compare creatives against kind of platform best practice. So for example, Meta recommend that you have your well certainly for a static you have your logo in there. Certainly for a video you brand early. So you know ideally from second one within the first 3 seconds. Um has a CTA in there for example. All the kind of basic platform best practice that obviously for one creative anyone can look at it and eyeball it and go yeah yeah no but doing it at scale takes time.  
00:14:44
 Mike Harper: Obviously, that's where tools, that's where AI comes into it, but also what would be of especially of interest, I don't know if we talked about this last time, is having that at a brand level as well. So, the ability to add rules at a brand level. So, working with whatever company um we don't work with specs savers, but specific example, I used to lead them and their CRO in my old job. Um, and I remember reading a article I think system one did whereby they demonstrated kind of much higher performance having the logo top right because you read obviously top to bottom left to right they move from bottom to top this better performance. So that would go in as a learning right the logo unless we go in and test it again maybe we do find but as a best practice we should be saying the logo isn't at the bottom or it is at the top right or you know we can finalize exactly what that looks like but the ability to bring in our existing learnings about what works and kind of constantly having that live best practice set of rules that everything that we run through gets checked against.  
00:15:48
 Jordan Seeley: So there's there's two things there that um that I think are really interesting to discuss. The first the first thing is we can build custom models and I think that for somebody with so let's keep using specs savers as our example because you've identified they're not a not somebody you work with but they're the right size of company for example for a company the size of specs savers what I imagine their marketing spend would be on creative then we can build a custom model where the scoring system is constantly tweaking itself based on performance data. So we need to provide the model with what our KPIs are. And this is why we'd rather work with an agency than a specs savers because we don't want to be putting in reach or um clicks. Uh clicks is okay depending on what your goal is, but we don't want to be putting in reach or impressions, which is for a lot of companies when it's branding, that's their KPI. We want to be getting to okay, what are you actually trying to do with this ad?  
00:16:48
 Jordan Seeley: You're trying to sell a product. You're trying to book a meeting. You're trying to achieve a business goal. And so we need to be providing creative score with that information the same way that you would pro provide you're better off providing Google or Meta with that information. Right? If you if you stop tracking at the on the homepage from meta you don't it can't optimize towards your best performing audience you have to allow them to see who goes and buys and how much they pay etc. So creative score has that and provided that we can agree suitable KPIs and be inputting those into creative score against creatives then creative score can constantly be improving its models to go okay well actually for specs savers the um for for specs savers this attribute is more important than that attribute. So there are some attributes that will always be important. So one of the most important attributes is contrasting color right and whether you can read your text. So we'll just use those two as big examples.  
00:17:40
 Jordan Seeley: they'll never not be important because you have to stop somebody scrolling and they have to be able to understand your message. If they can't do those two things, your ad is never going to work. But then there are things around language for example um that are really complex and really different for industries. So in particular, one of the things that um we're we're kind trying to train the model on in the background which is quite difficult to to achieve is when is jargon good and when is jargon bad. So, for example, if we're talking about largecale B2B ads where we're trying to deal with enterprise customers and we've got to have a sales process, we want to be pre-qualifying those customers with ads. So, we should be using jargon to some degree, right? Having jargon in the headlines, not the end of the world because we're discouraging clicks from people who don't understand it. And I've got an example when we do the demo. Um, but that kind of thing wouldn't apply to a DTOC brand where you're going and you're potentially buying something off the shelf in a supermarket or in a um a petrol station.  
00:18:45
 Jordan Seeley: Okay. So the so our model basically can keep up keep modifying as long as we're providing the data. So in theory, there's no reason you couldn't have a different model per cl per client for your bigger clients. So you could have a spec savers model. Um let's pick another random company. Um I just use garages. So let's say Shell, right? You might have shell as and and that's a good one actually because what Shell wants out of advertising, what specers wants out of advertising is probably quite a lot different. So their model should be slightly different and then you could have either use our model as the default for new clients or for smaller clients or we could build an open partners uh default model. Right? So we can absolutely customize all of those things um in the background. Not customized that suggests that we're just making changes. We can build a model that self-reinforcing then on top of that. So I yeah there was another point I wanted that I needed to answer your your question on Mike but you go first son because you had a question.  
00:19:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um well, if you want to complete your thought, go for it.Jordan Seeley: Okay so the second part of that is one of the things we're currently building in dev which we're hoping to have live by mid July is um both brand and regulatory compliance. So, in addition to what you currently have, you'll be able to upload your brand guidelines. You'll be able to able to upload any industry um regulator regulations and creative score can give you feedback on whether or not you're hitting those. So, the current version of the UX is traffic light system. Green, it complies with the brand. Orange, you might want to look at it and make a call on whether or not it's okay. Red, that's definitely violating the brand guidelines. Don't it can't go live. The same for compliance. Um, and we're we're not I've lost my train of thought on the last bit there. So we have so we have the the brand comp the brand compliance guidelines will go oh that's that was the point but we will also have an additional upload opportunity to have that same kind of um functionality for any additional documents you load which would solve your problem about if you wanted to upload you know it's not in the specs savers brand guide that it should be the logo should be in the top right um I  
00:20:59
 Jordan Seeley: can the top right makes sense right so if you think about the two main ways that somebody scans content it's a F pattern or a zed pattern So the top right hits both of those and I can see how the I'd be interested to tr test top right against top left because top left is your most important real estate. So maybe not where you want your brand logo, it's where you want your headline. But I can but we can upload any of those additional things that you know and keep updating them in the background as like here is another this is the open partners guide. So these are the things we know from our testing that we want creative score to tell us whether or not it violates any of these um any of these issues. Sorry. Over to you.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. My my question there was Mike for you. Um you talked about two things which I think are interlin in my mind, right? So you talked about scale, right? Obviously, you're one of UK's largest, but could you give us an idea of what kind of scale we're talking about in terms of either number of customers or number of creatives that you typically what kind of volume you're looking at  
00:22:02
 Mike Harper: So, some of our smaller clients will probably be running maybe 10 creative tests a month.Jordan Seeley: Okay.Mike Harper: Um the biggest one based on the number of kind of different areas of the business I've got investment probably looking closer to over 100Hassaan Ahmad: 100 tests a month.Mike Harper: over 100 a month.Jordan Seeley: So whenHassaan Ahmad: All right.Jordan Seeley: you say 100 tests, are we talking 100 creatives being tested or 100 multivariate tests?Mike Harper: It can be a bit of both. So when we build a hypothesis, we might say actually we want to test trying to think really about the headline.Jordan Seeley: Yeah.Mike Harper: We've run this through user research. These are free headlines that all resonate really well. Um so build free headlines and you're right, part of it is to an extent launching and seeing what does best due to the limitations of AB testing in meta at the moment. AlthoughJordan Seeley: Yeah.Mike Harper: Meta promises they've got something coming that will kind of help address that. Currently working with them on that at the moment.  
00:23:15
 Jordan Seeley: So, so just for Hassan for your benefit, um you can't actually AB test in Meta because Meta, well, you can, but it's really manual and really hard work. So, they don't want you to. They want you to upload two different ads and then they will go and find out the right they'll test the audience the same time they're testing the creative. So you can't go I want to you to show these two ads to the same people so I can deter or similar people the same audience so I can determine which ad works better. So you're kind of testing, you're not necessarily testing the quality of the creative, you're testing how good or to some degree you are, but you're also testing how good meta is at identifying who that creative would like toMike Harper: There's just this big black box that you don't really understand what's going on inside it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's why everybody's like, "Well, let's trust the algorithm, right? Throw enough money at it and it will find the right answer." But my second question was linked to that, Mike.  
00:24:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, that sounds like a fair bit of volume. So, how many of you are are actually doing that? And how does your process work currently?Mike Harper: Um, I mean, it's something I've come in and largely built. At the minute, it's myself that leads it. There's other people sort of stepping in. I'm trying to make the case higher at the moment because it's getting a bit intense.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I can imagine. So this tool that you're looking for, is that to support your current role or is it is it something that you're looking to push out to creative teams so that by the time it's ready, you already know that has been tested against brand guidelines. You know, it has been or it has some sort of a score. It's sort of objective or not.Mike Harper: I guess that's up for debate slightly, but generally the processes that I'm sitting within the creative team at the moment and it'll be myself and my team going forward that are responsible for that. So working with the creative team to develop the brief,  
00:25:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Harper: make sure that's data driven, make sure that's based on the research we've done, the insights we've got, that then goes over to them. That then comes to like myself and Ed. I'll sign it off from a best practice perspective and Ed signs it off from a creative quality perspective from his side.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. And then post, what's the word? Public publication review. Who does that?Mike Harper: But when it's gone live, meHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Gotcha.Mike Harper: uh well combined between me and the paid social team, but generally it'll sit with me.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. All right. Gotcha. And then when you talk about setting rules at the brand level, are we talking about separate rules per brand or are we talking about best practices that you within open partners have decided and that's the guard rails that you want everything to to be within?Mike Harper: probably both.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Harper: So our um kind of creative management partner, he was at Uni Lever previously.  
00:26:12
 Mike Harper: So he sort of shared some of the kind of best practice that he kind of developed there. For example, I don't think you'll see this on meta anywhere, but in their experience from the testing they did, um, I think one statics shouldn't have more than like 20% of their volume or their area if you like covered with text. Similarly, in video, 10 words per frame, that sort of thing. I don't think you'll find that in like meta best practice. That's something we'll refine as we go. But that for me would be a kind of company level best practice that we'd want to apply everywhere. And then like the spec service example before, very generic example, but the logo must always be in the top right. We wouldn't necessarily apply that across everything without testing it, but we might want that across all spec savers, air quotes, creatives.Jordan Seeley: So, I'm I'm really glad you gave that example because it's it's a really pertinent example for what we're trying to build with creative score that you mentioned you won't see that kind of information on that meta anywhere.  
00:27:24
 Jordan Seeley: Frankly, there is mountains out there that we will never be able to find anywhere publicly from people who are running these tests because you don't want to be publishing what you found. Right? There is a small world out there who are like, I want to publish everything I do on LinkedIn so that people think I'm great. But typically, if we're finding competitive advantages, we don't want to go and share that with our competitors, right? So, creative score and this is what sets us apart from other companies who are just using whatever the AI says. So I'm going to continue to uh criticize neurons because I would probably use neurons as an example even if you not working with them that the the way that neurons AI responds to upload is very much what you would expect from an AI when you just ask it a question. it goes out and it looks on looks at the available information and says okay what can I what can I pull from these different sources to to make up to answer this query and what so what you don't get is you don't get any proprietary information you don't get anything that isn't being publicly shared by platforms like meta right neuron neurons AI is is just going straight to meta best practices and going are you following these right the whereas what we're doing constantly in the background is exactly what you're talking about doing at open partners is filling in all of these small kind of tests that we've run in the past for different clients that  
00:28:52
 Jordan Seeley: we that we have proven but we're not going to kind of publicly share with everybody. That is the stuff that's being built into creative score. So that essentially what you're proposing to do at O at open partners that's what we're doing with our default model right so everything that we are uncovering we are constantly then using that to train our AI and teach it this is what works better than this this is what works better than this so I'll give you a specific example um because it's something that it's not creative school's not great about not great at yet and I don't mind sharing it because the next iteration of models is way better. AI really struggles with like reading text because it reads text really easily. So whatever font you put, the AI can understand it. And so if you keep asking an AI, tell me when a font is hard to read, it it struggles with that concept because to an AI, no font is hard to read unless you put something in front of it.  
00:29:53
 Jordan Seeley: And but we know and I mean this is not rocket science to you but because you'll know the same that you the clearer and cleaner your font the more likely you are to get a resulting display adHassaan Ahmad: Oh s***.Jordan Seeley: and so we are having to teach it in the background how to identify this is a font that's hard to read right and that is just like a mounting of work and so you could as things stand you could have in there you know in your guidelines for open partners we don't use you know novelty fonts that have a readability level below X and the AI will struggle with that. So, we're constantly building those things in the background. And the example you've given about where the logo should be, all of that's a perfect example of the kind of thing we're trying to build in. I say I say trying because some of it is easier to build than than others. Um, so I don't want to kind of say, yeah, we can we're building everything because ultimately we're still relying on an AI for the output.  
00:30:48
 Jordan Seeley: And the you know you you mentioned um you mentioned about kind of testing cadence that the the model that the model that we we started with used to take three human beings two weeks right so it wouldn't be for one ad it would be for a campaign and a set of ads but the whole that's where the whole idea comes from is it used to take somebody two weeks and three people to to provide all of this feedback. And so the faster we get with that, the better the model is, the better the feedback, but ultimately you're getting a feedback in 70 80 seconds rather than two weeks. And so it's a constant iteration of how we how we build on that in the background.Hassaan Ahmad: Mike, how long does does it take you today? The process that you outlinedMike Harper: in terms of pre-esting.Jordan Seeley: Yeah.Mike Harper: Um, couple of minutes. Like I say, we are using a tool at the minute that we've got an extended free trial on, so we're not committed to them.  
00:31:46
 Mike Harper: Um, it's okay. It does the basics, but it doesn't do like the brand specific stuff that I was talking about of where we want to go with it.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. And we've obviously said that that's something that we could do. Is that something that you're exploring with them as well or is that not part of the capability?Mike Harper: My understanding is that it's not part of the capability, but it'll be a conversation I have with them.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. Um, is that just the one tool that you're looking looking at? Because, you know, with the uh team that you described, I'd be worried about the bandwidthMike Harper: IHassaan Ahmad: inMike Harper: am worried about bandwidth.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Harper: Um, it's the only tool we're looking at at the moment. Um, we've had a little bit of a brever sort of the last couple of weeks for a few different reasons. sort of a little bit of restructuring at some clients, but we're contracted to start picking up again in a couple of weeks, and I think it's going to go  
00:32:48
 Jordan Seeley: Sorry.Mike Harper: to like 1,000 miles an hour very, very quickly.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. So, so Mike, from what I'm hearing, it sounds like, well, it's obvious that you know what you're doing. You know what are some of the drivers that increase the effectiveness of your creatives, right? What you're looking for is a tool that can help you do that at scale, right?Mike Harper: Hey,Hassaan Ahmad: and do that in enough or with enough diversity that you can apply those specific rules to each client and basically have an offering that allows you to go to market and say hey we can reduce your creative testing or your time to go live by I don't know man a week because we can do the testing bit so much faster is that is that fairMike Harper: that's far.Hassaan Ahmad: okay perfect so well the good thing is we could do both right so We and we tackle the scale problem in two ways. The first one is by allowing you to bulk upload, right? I don't know if the tool that we're going to show you today that's something that's enabled there or that's something that we have to go target in the back end.  
00:33:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: I've certainly seen the ability to upload like 60 creatives at one time, run them at once and then that gives you the score on all of them. Right?Mike Harper: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So you have the ability to do that and then if we backload well I don't know the correct terminology. I'm a sales guy man. If we if we get the right models in place you should be able to then select the model and do that as well. But that's something that we cannot show you today. Um so Jordan why don't we show what we can today right let's make sure that there's alignment in terms of the kind of output that you're getting Mike and then um we can take it to the next step. But one thing that I want you to keep in mind is because we have the ability to go and edit the model itself, right? Define parameters, define a lot of the other things. I'd love it if we have a very open conversation around what is it that you're not seeing, right?  
00:34:45
 Mike Harper: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So that we can take that away and see if that's something that we can build into the model when we're doing a custom proof for you. Okay,Mike Harper: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: perfect. Jordan, over to you.Jordan Seeley: That's a really good point. Before we um before we get started, um you just joged my memory on functionality that we are currently not using um but we have discussed with our potential pilot partner which might be interesting to you Mike is we don't need to turn this on and run it. We could actually build all of your models retrospectively.Mike Harper: Mhm.Jordan Seeley: So for any partner that you've been working with for a while, we can, you know, we don't need to go, okay, we're going to give every ad a creative score and then look at how it performs, we can give the we can give the machine learning model a creative score for all of the the attributes for every ad and then tell it how it performed in the real world. And so we could build all of the customer models, custom models we're talking about, so like specs savers, we could build that before we got started, right?  
00:35:44
 Jordan Seeley: So there's there's that element too that Hassan is right. I've just tested uh I had a folder with 87 creatives in and um I added that to the upload and then quickly realized that that's going to crash the system right before I de demonstrate it. Um it won't crash the system by it will crash my account because I'm I'm in there trying to upload 87 creatives. But we can upload creatives at bulk and but we're probably given the scale of your testing in the past. It's probably better for all parties if we kind of do that through the back door. Um because then we can do almost an unlimited number of creatives, right? We need to figure out what a commercially what that looks like, what our cost would be to do it that way. Um but additionally, that would give you the opportunity to pitch to new clients, but that's part of the service they get when they come on board is that they get their own model and it's built on whatever they'll give you data to.  
00:36:37
 Mike Harper: Mhm.Jordan Seeley: Um, okay. So, I'm going to I know that you've got familiarity with the with the platform, a little familiarity from previous uh your previous free trial, but I'm going to uh just give you kind of a brief overview because I think it's it's useful to remind you and then also for for Ed. So, I'm going to start with uh three creatives that I used for a previous demo and I just like using them. They give a good snapshot of the value that you get from creative score. Are you zoomed in sufficiently to see that those three curves?Mike Harper: I am just because it's a dark screen. I'm just getting some of the dust off my screen so I can see it.Jordan Seeley: Yeah, no worries.Mike Harper: That is all good now.Jordan Seeley: Okay. So, actually, give me one second. I'm going to stop and zoom in a little bit more. Oh, that makes the UX a bit ugly, but apologies for the ugly UX. I I just want to um give you a little bit clearer view because because I'm interested to get your opinion on where these three creatives rank in terms of how they would perform.  
00:37:37
 Jordan Seeley: So it's for a finance company.Mike Harper: Oh, I wouldn't even I mean, I don't like the middle one because I can't really see that gray text.Jordan Seeley: All right. Any other any other bits of feedback?Mike Harper: I would guess the one on the right would perform best. It just seems to fit. Well, it's difficult because obviously the text isn't at the top. It's further down. It feels to me like it flows better, but that's quite a personalJordan Seeley: Yeah.Mike Harper: thing. I would say the one in the middle would be the worst performer of the other two. I'll say the one on the right, but I'd be very prepared to be wrong.Jordan Seeley: Okay. So I'm going to re reset my size so that it goes back to a normal and show you that according to creative score you are exactly wrong which is perfect for my demo. Right.Mike Harper: That's quiteJordan Seeley: SoMike Harper: impressive.Jordan Seeley: I'll I'll start. Thank you for that.  
00:38:34
 Jordan Seeley: I I'll start with the the right hand side. Right. Um so if we go into if we load that asset up load up the analysis I'll break down where it's good and where it's strong. Now I'm going to start with copy because copy is an area where um this is um performs very well. Now there's some recommendations here around introducing a sense of urgency. Um but what I wanted to what I wanted to point out is that we talked about this earlier. This is an example where the jargon is qualifying. So I have no idea what a reconciliation maturity model is. Right? You actually might know what that is Hassan. So I but I don't but I've got no idea idea what that is. So I'm not going to click. I'm going to scan past. Right? If I it's scannable ad so I can see the headline. I can determine that headline has nothing to do with me. I'm not going to waste a click.  
00:39:30
 Jordan Seeley: I'm not going to waste budget. That makes it very easy for a platform like Meta to find the right audience for this kind of ad. And so for that from that regard, Creative School scores it highly for um for the quality of its copy. Now, you've had a play around, so I'm not going to go through all of these different attributes. You know, these are the attributes that we'll be we score out of 100. The I will be completely honest about why, excuse me, why you don't see a um why you don't see a score out of 100, you see a a little bar is because a lot of these things are fairly subjective. And so, in that respect, if you ask the same AI, if you ask the same AI the same question 100 times, you're going to get slightly different answers, right? So we actually in the background do everything three times and take the aggregated amount take the aggregated score to kind of balance for that and we've run a lot of testing and it's very you know it's very consistent um but a a score of one to 100 uh you we have in the background what I'm saying is we can use that for your models but it's not displayed on the front end because um it's cleaner to give you a a nice green or a nice green orange or yellow donut.  
00:40:38
 Jordan Seeley: Um but the copy scores very highly. So if we go back to okay well why is it going to perform badly? So let's take the biggest recommendations. This is the single most important right and that's why it's number one on this list. The reason that this camp this creative would likely perform worst of the three is that it's a LinkedIn ad with a gray background. And so it does not draw attention. And so if you read the first one, eye attraction, this image is not immediately attention grabbing. The the visuals are not particularly striking or bold. They blend in with many other business related posts. Uh then we've got some benefit related psychology stuff. Okay. So what it's identifying is that this gray background is the first the first hurdle on the ladder to getting a conversion here is can we stop someone scrolling? Can we get their attention? Now, that is not the only factor that matters, but it is a key factor that this ad fails on.  
00:41:34
 Jordan Seeley: And actually, aside from that, Creative Score reasonably likes it. The eye tracking score is pretty poor. I'll get to that in a second, although I know you've um you're familiar with that area. The headline is okay. Again, it has the the jargon whether that's an issue or a positive. It deems it as a positive from the copy side, but the visuals don't draw attention. the if I then check to I've gone too far back, apologies. If I go back to the the ad that you thought would perform perform the worst, right, I'll get this up on screen now. It's interesting the the thing that you identified because I agree with you. I think this text is too light. Um it's a subtitle, right? So, it's not the end of the world that it's pretty light because the point is I'm draw my eyes are drawn to the number. Um, I'll show you that on the eye tracking in a second, but I would agree with you that personally my my feedback here would be I would make that font a little bit bolder.  
00:42:34
 Jordan Seeley: And that's what I was referring to of we're trying to teach the AI that kind of feedback in the background because the AI sees that as a as a decent I don't know what font that is, whether it's something looks something simil something basic like Ariel, right? It's a sand serif font. AI just goes, "Okay, that's easy to read without being able to really see in context." But this stands out because this works because the dark background distracts distracts people from the scroll. And then you get straight into your headline message. So say 37.9 million every year. Now there's some science in the background about whether it's better to say 38 million or 37.9 million, right? And the that's a bit up for debate, but the prevailing theory is that 37.9 million feels more genuine and increased trust. So one of the scores that we have for crap score is authenticity and the fact that we've got an exact number will be helping the authenticity score. And then by leveling up your recon, we've got a decent copy score again because we're qualifying people out.  
00:43:31
 Jordan Seeley: I don't know what recon means. So this is not the product for me. If we look at the eyetracking here, the because this is one of the areas where this scores really well. Area of retention is one of the um things that I like to look at a lot. 75% that's a really high number for an ad. And I'll show you the other ad in a second which is a little bit more distracting. So we've distracted somebody's attention with the dark background. And then their attention's immediately gone to the headline. So we've we've cleared those two first two hurdles of advertising really easily. We've drawn their attention. We've got our we've communicated our message and anybody who's not interested in our message, they're gone. Anybody who is interested in saving money on recon now might engage and further climb that ladder with us.Hassaan Ahmad: So on that, sorry, if you click on that again, Jordan, uh, Mike, you might notice where the other 2.46% is going, right? and the AI has picked up that your reader is probably going to read the first three to four words and decide if that's something that they want to focus on, right?  
00:44:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: And so it's reading the caption as well and it's actually providing you some feedback on that caption too, right? And so by saying unlock huge savings to a decision maker that's already interesting, right?Jordan Seeley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So VI is pointing out that that works. So somebody's going to look at huge savings. is they're going to look at say 37.9 million sold, right? The next thing it's going to do is the download button and that's feedback on LinkedIn that the download is not that great, right? So, it takes a while to find that download button. But in terms of your creatives, um it's looking at not only the image but also the captions or the description that you're providing Google um against that which is quite helpful.Jordan Seeley: And actually good good point because something that this is identifying that we've discussed Mike is it gives you a metric you can use to track the eye attention to the to the logo right which is not answering your question on specs savers of where is the best place for me to put the logo but it is giving you a contextual indicator right From this from this ad, we can see that it gets there's a percentage that just is going to your logo because it's listed as a promoted company and you can see the logo, but then it's showing that down here in the bottom right hand corner, we're seeing that 2.3% of attention is going  
00:45:52
 Jordan Seeley: to the logo. So, you could absolutely test moving that all over the screen and see how that in influences the areas of intent areas of attention, areas of interest. That's the word I was looking for. Um, right. So, so that actually can give you a starting point and as you've said it multiple times, it's a hypothesis, right? It's not giving you answers, but it can it can give you an idea of okay, where is where does where is this the the most logical starting point for us to test and it'd be interesting to see if we just replicated this ad with the logo in the four corners, how it that would impact the the overall attention. Uh content we've kind of covered a little bit with copy. It breaks it down the the visuals here. Um, it loves the visuals of this ad despite the fact that they're really boring because it's a B2B conversion ad. And as you know from uploading creatives yourself, we're the AI is pretty good at determining whether it's a um whether it's a conversion ad or a branding ad.  
00:46:52
 Jordan Seeley: But the score is very different depending on what you are trying to achieve, what your media type is, and what your objective is. So here, this is clearly a either paid social or display ad. and is clearly for conversion. And so it knows and this again is an example of what you were talking about with there's a lot of um best practices that you don't necessarily see from companies like Meta, they're not publishing it that for B2B ads, pure text ads on a on a dark background are the across the board the best performing ads. They're not all the best performing ads and there's a whole level of creativity which we've not touched on today and we won't touch on because it's a it's a complex issue we're trying to solve with AI of some of the you know the real super performing ads are those that don't look like ads or are completely novel, right? The the really creative ideas inherently an AI struggles with that concept, right? That's not what you're getting creative score for.  
00:47:50
 Jordan Seeley: you're getting creative score for the BAU um for the for the BAU ads, the high volume, the scale, right? The the real creative one of my favorites is there's a I've seen an ad where somebody had written it handwritten a note and put it on a windshield and taken a photo and it looked like somebody' written a like why have you popped like a dick note and I read it because I was kind of like it's going to be funny and it was a car insurance ad. That kind of stuff is where you know any AI tool will right now struggle. But it's this kind of ad that we know this kind of ad works right and we know that for a B2B company you can print you can print these ads all day long and they will get attention. They will get people to read your message and that allows you to test your hook because you know that you're getting you're going to get value for money in the the first part of that. Um we then have where how are we doing for time?  
00:48:40
 Jordan Seeley: 10 minutes. I'll try and do the next bit in in five minutes. We then break down number of different sectors that so storytelling, emotional resonance, uh influence factors, which is basically psychology broke down with all the same level of detail. Now, I haven't actually looked at emotional resonance for this ad recent rec recently, but it would be interesting to see. Okay, so we're looking at the how an ad triggers certain emotional responses. Now, part of the reason I've picked on it for this ad is you're not particularly trying to deliver uh emotional responses here. You're it's a conversion ad for a software product. So, it's very clear what the objective is. But this might be an ad, for example, for a political campaign, in which case emotional resonance and the emotions that you trigger are going to be the core kind of core metrics you're looking at. So, for example, here this ad gets some trust. So, the claim is based on a thousand controls. So that so it's picking up that we've got a little explainer here in the asterisk explaining that we've done a thousand control test which is an okay subject an okay um okay sample size is picking up that we're not trying to trigger anger or sadness or disgust but there's if you see there's nothing here that is scored as a lot so it's not really having a big emotional impact which said we wouldn't be expecting um if  
00:50:02
 Jordan Seeley: I goHassaan Ahmad: SoJordan Seeley: backHassaan Ahmad: Mike, you've uh I'm I'm conscious of time. Sorry, Jordan. Did you have more toJordan Seeley: I had I had one more. I'll skip over it very quickly, which isHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jordan Seeley: the adHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Jordan Seeley: most people usually pick this ad as the most best performing ad. And I'll very quickly just go over why it's not, which is cognitive demand. So this ad is just too busy, right? So to typically somebody will pick it because it's visually interesting. And so Creative Score scores the visuals pretty well because it's a nice visual of the the car, but this one has a very meaningless headline. Recon X10. That's a brand product. It's confu. It doesn't really say anything to the user. The CTA is a little bit weak because we're trying to watch demo. Get miles better recon. To Hassan's point, that's not saying the same as unlock huge savings. So the head so the the secondary headline is not as powerful.  
00:50:54
 Jordan Seeley: But in particular, all of this design work is distracting us from the core message compared to that the other two ads which are straight to the point and getting the message across very clearly. And so I will stop there because we are running out of time. Um I wouldHassaan Ahmad: It's like a a cheeky question for you given that the AI has just shown you that well you were wrong to use Jordan's words. Does that how does that make you feel and and is do you agree with the with the insights and the recommendations that the AI has delivered or is that something that you instinctively or your guts telling you that no I don't trust thisMike Harper: I would I mean I'm always happy to be told I'm wrong. Um I'd then want to go and test it and find out. So I'd ultimately run them and if it performed, yeah, great, brilliant. That's a learning. If it didn't perform, then I wouldn't trust it.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, perfect. Right. So, with that in mind, you've obviously um done the trial, right?  
00:52:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, you've had your seven days. You I I believe you pushed a few creatives through um and you know, you're in this meeting with us again in uh well, a month since you last looked at it. So, what would you like to do next based on what you've seen today? Is there valueMike Harper: ifHassaan Ahmad: in exploring this further?Mike Harper: if possible it'd be good to have another play around with it because yeah, it was a month ago. Um the thing we've not talked about which of course is always the elephant in the room is how muchHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Uh, well, it's it's per user price, right? For you, it's going to be different because you're an agency. You're trying to push you're trying to do the things that the tool is capable to do, but the pricing structure is not aligned to, right?Mike Harper: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we're going to need to come up with a custom price. ButMike Harper: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: given the fact that, you know, we well, we're very open to working with you and we're very open to exploring how we could retrofit the product to meet a use case like yours.  
00:53:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? So, why don't we go through a pilot with you first, right? Let's pick one client, let's assign some NDAs, let's pick one client, let's pick a few creatives, um, and let us try to do that for you. If that works then we can talk about pricing. You can obviously tell us if you know there are some hard limits that you're not willing to cross. But as far as the per user pricing is concerned right now you can go on the website and you can uh you can see the numbers but I believe it costs about 20 well 3,000 per year per user and that gives you about 50 creatives uh per month. Obviously that's not going to work for you. So, we're going to have to do something create um creative for lack of a better term for you.Mike Harper: What I'll say in terms of 50 creatives, I mean, it might not work. I'd have to go away and look at specific examples. We wouldn't necessarily need to run every single creative we do through it.  
00:54:07
 Mike Harper: You know, if we're testing trying to think of a little example here and not really coming up with one. Obviously, in a perfect world, you test everything. But if we're making extremely minor changes, as long as we've tested the template, as long as we're happy with the template, making minor changes to that, obviously, it'd always be good to get the data, but it's not necessarily a blocker.Jordan Seeley: So the the challenge we have right to just put the cards on the table is in an ideal world you test every creative right and part of the reason for that is you you then have uh brand compliance uh creative uh comp uh regulatory compliance comp let's call it company compliance the kind of open partners best practice. We're also building uh sign off, right? So, we're building sign off as part of the process for a different uh pilot study that we're doing who want to be able to sign off creative in the toolMike Harper: OfJordan Seeley: and not have to run it through a different project management system.  
00:55:08
 Jordan Seeley: Um, ideally that's the flow, but the problem we have is that it costs us every time you run a creative. So there's some kind of usage based pricing andMike Harper: course.Jordan Seeley: usage based pricing causes us a causes us both a headache where you then don't run things through the tool for pricing reasons notMike Harper: Okay.Jordan Seeley: that you should be running through the tool and we're not capturing all of the data thatMike Harper: Mhm.Jordan Seeley: we could and improving the models. So that's what Hassan's referring to is we part of the reason we want to do a pilot with an agency is we want to figure out how to make that work because your use case is a use case that makes sense for the tool. We just need to figure out a pricing structure that that does that works for that regard because obviously if you if you ran a thousand creatives through it through a month a month our our you know it's a we have a variable cost because of AI modelsHassaan Ahmad: and look I think there's going to be some form of learning economy there as well right so once to your point Mike once you run 50 creatives you wouldn't know what the template for a good creative looks like and so your volume might be frontloaded in the first couple of months and then it might decrease so what we can do is potentially give you the creatives up front Right?  
00:56:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: So the 15 to 12, whatever that is, 600 credits up front, right? You could use 250 of them in the first month. Get to that point where you're comfortable with what that template looks like and then you could go from there. But the the message really is we're open. Our pricing or current pricing is on the website, right? But that's not a hard line, right? We're willing to be very creative and we're very we want to uh what Jordan said, make the tool work for you, right? So, happy to give you another trial. Let's do that, right? Let's get you started on that.Mike Harper: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um if you want, we could do one for Ed as well, so that you could both test and see, you know, if that's something that's going to work for the team and then we could touch base in a week's time, get what your feedback is, and from that point on, we'll see what the direction needs to be. Right? If you feel that you need more time to play with it, if you want more of a more involvement from our side in terms of changing your models and so or changing our model and so forth, we look into that.  
00:57:20
 Mike Harper: Okay, sounds good. Yeah, if you want have another play around with that now that I'm not in going on holiday mode, that'd be great. Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Jordan Seeley: theHassaan Ahmad: Okay. So,Jordan Seeley: one additional thing that I just want to call out while we've got a minute or so left Hassan that I missed from the road map which I think might be interesting to open partners probably less interesting to you personally but might be something that might help you get a tool that's useful for your purposes over the line. Um, which is we're currently building full presentation deck analysis, which as far as I'm aware, nobody else does. And what that will do is everything that we're showing you for a creative ad, we now can do for a presentation deck, which for an agency means we can do all of the pre-esting stuff that we're talking about for your pitches, for your monthly reports, for your client updates, for upsell opportunities, for any client interaction.Mike Harper: now that got my attention.Jordan Seeley: Yes, that's what we're building.  
00:58:21
 Jordan Seeley: And you know the part of the use case is p is pitch decks for investment right which might be less interesting to you guys but we talked a little bit at the beginning about pharmaceuticals. That's a lot of where this comes from. They have 150 page deck right that they need to that they need to analyze. That's where the model is originally built from. So we we have that currently live in our dev environment. It's not quite ready for me to present it to you because it still throws up some the occasional wonky recommendation. Um, but I would expect us to have that live in the next six weeks. And like I said, for an agency, theoretically, that alone can pay for the tool because it can win you one one client that's big enough if it if it helps you win a client. You know, I may be overselling it with that alone can pay for the tool, but it certainly makes the business case easier, right, for things outside of CRO.Mike Harper: That's interesting.  
00:59:17
 Mike Harper: Yeah. Okay. I'm I mean that goes way beyond me, way above my head, but I'm sure we'd be interested in hearing more about it. I'm going to have to jump off. I've got a hard stop at two. Um but I'm going to end with one thing which is very very minor. Um, but my OCD has been triggered and that's just that psychology spelled wrong there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Jordan Seeley: Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: somebody pointed out in an ad that we ran. Um, I can't believe this hasn't been fixed on Facebook. Thank you so much for that, Mike. Really appreciate it. Okay, I will set up you with a login and if you want to send me Ed's details, I'll set up a login for him as well and shoot that across.Mike Harper: Amazing. Oh yeah. Have a conversation that on his back. He should be in the late this afternoon. Just theHassaan Ahmad: Okay,Mike Harper: hospital appointment early.Hassaan Ahmad: perfect. All right, cheers. Cheers,Jordan Seeley: Thanks,Hassaan Ahmad: mate.Jordan Seeley: Mike. Great to you again. Bye.Mike Harper: That'sHassaan Ahmad: but,Mike Harper: you guys.  
Transcription ended after 01:00:34

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
