---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Matthew  – 2026/03/12 21:28 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-12T23:14:25.043Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-12T22:09:09.081Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Matthew  - Transcript
00:00:00
 Matthew Place: Hey.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, Matthew.Matthew Place: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Matthew Place: I'm good, thank you. How areHassaan Ahmad: I am good.Matthew Place: you?Hassaan Ahmad: I was just in the middle of writing you an email. So,Matthew Place: I was turning the music out on my headphones. Where are we based?Hassaan Ahmad: London,Matthew Place: Oh s***. Oh, so it's late for you as well.Hassaan Ahmad: you mean I I'm no stranger, so I typically straddle Pacific time and London. What about you guys though? You're you're squared UK, aren'tMatthew Place: Yeah, I'm based in Leeds.Hassaan Ahmad: you?Matthew Place: My co-founders based in London. We've got another couple of guys do around the country as well. And then his delivery team are based out in Canada.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Matthew Place: So, they're still online asHassaan Ahmad: Ah,Matthew Place: well.Hassaan Ahmad: okay. That explains the uh why you're online at 10Matthew Place: Oh, I'm just online at 10 p.m. because I'm a weirdo.  
00:02:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: p.m.Matthew Place: I do it all the time. If I'm not doing anything on an evening, this is what I do.Hassaan Ahmad: I find I find 10 p.m. a really nice time to work because the kids at sleep, you know, his energy's burnt out. I've I now know that I've got this block of time when nobody's going to disturb me, so I just get done with it.Matthew Place: Yeah, I appreciate that. I've got a a to-do list. I keep doing other stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Matthew Place: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: good.Matthew Place: yeah. Do you want to kick kick into it then,Hassaan Ahmad: So,Matthew Place: mate?Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely.Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Firstly, thank you for taking the time. Really appreciate it. And uh I noticed from my UTM tracking that you came across a post and and that got you curious enough to talk to us. So, um really kind of curious to know what is it that you saw that you know made you want to talk to us.  
00:03:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mainly what I'd like to do over the next kind of 30 minutes is understand where you are with not stack um and then you know how do you where you struggling and what can weMatthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: help with?Matthew Place: Can you just summarize what you guys do again,Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Matthew Place: please?Hassaan Ahmad: So well I'm Hassan. I'm the CRO of remoteer right and what we do is wellMatthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: how do I say it? So we do GTM infrastructure for for companies that can take different shapes and sizes depending on what the company is doing and where they are in their revenue space. So I work a lot with pre-revenue startups where you I help them get their messaging, their positioning um the entire GTM strategy up and running to get them to first revenue. But on the other end of the spectrum, I work with companies doing, you know, multiple millions in sales. Um, helping them do pipeline generation, helping them figure out some messaging, their positioning. And, uh, in a lot of cases, why people come to me is to help them break into enterprise, large enterprise, because that's what I've done over the past 15ish years.  
00:04:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um,Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: so yeah, that's what I do.Matthew Place: Yeah. Cool. Okay. So where we're at is myself and my co-founder was part of aHassaan Ahmad: AllMatthew Place: startup last year. We on boarded a number of clients and then we fell out with the other co-founder. So we've restarted again this year. We've already on boarded one client and then we've got a number of proposals going out in March.Hassaan Ahmad: right.Matthew Place: So we're in a we're in a decent space if they land. If they don't land then back to just plugging away and trying again. Um, and what I'm looking for is we need potentially we need support utilizing my network within LinkedIn. I've already had a a call with a similar company and it was around they would put someone in my inbox basically on LinkedIn generating lead magnets um messaging people you know for 15 20 hours a week which I didn't know how I felt someone sitting in the inbox fully or I I don't know how  
00:05:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Matthew Place: it how it works with you guys. Um, but it's just utilizing, not utilizing, but using my network and actually getting value from my network because I'm getting a lot of good um, new connections coming through on LinkedIn. I've had 30 through the last couple of days. I've got um, the automation tools set up like Prosp, which like adds people for me. Um, and then starts a messaging sequence. Um, I've got all the tools that you need in terms of SC, um, getting the leads like Lusher, Apollo, Whizzer. Um, we've got email sequences going out. I've got email newsletters going out. I think the biggest issue at the moment is that I need to retarget leads that are already in my LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. When you talk about retargeting, how do you envision doing that?Matthew Place: going back around like I've created a um is it score app uh like a quiz like how what's your AI readiness um to go back round them and like message them and actually give them a little bit of  
00:06:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Matthew Place: value here's like an output that you get at the same time just finding different ways to try and speak to themHassaan Ahmad: All right. Sounds good. And it sounds like you've done quite a lot already. Sorry, man. I'm struggling with a bit of a soul.Matthew Place: No, it's okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So um firstly, if you are looking for somebody to just automate that for you, I think you could do that yourself. You already mentioned you're using an automation tool. Which one are you using?Matthew Place: ProspHassaan Ahmad: Okay. I haven't come across that. So I use Dripify myself. It's uh Dripy.Matthew Place: that that hits with LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes. So what Dripify does is It'sMatthew Place: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: basically um a LinkedIn automation service that enables you to set up sequences and those sequences can be multi-touch. So you can view somebody's profile, then a day later you could like their post, then you could send them a connection request. If they accept your connection request, you could start a conversation with them.  
00:08:05
 Matthew Place: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: If you're not comfortable with somebody sitting in your inbox, and I certainly aren't because LinkedIn is the best currency I have, that is something that you could try. I've been doing that for a year without an issue. It's one of the most legit services out there andMatthew Place: Yeah, prosp is exactly the same.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah, so that's on the LinkedIn automation front.Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Now I don't know how your experience has been but my my record and my my experience cross remoter as well as my previous job that I was doing which was at anaplan was it was really easy to get connections.Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I was getting 30 40 I'm still getting like 60 connections a week or something like that. Where it falls apart is no matter how tailored your message is in the beginning, people accept. But then getting them to respond and getting them to actually jump on a call or take an action, that is a challenge. And the reason why that is is because you and me and 600 other people are hitting the same people for their attention, right?  
00:09:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, as with email, it gets really difficult to grab somebody's attention unless they happen to be in the market looking for the exact solution that you have and you catch them at the exact right time. That's been my experience. Um, sounds like that's resonating withMatthew Place: Yeah. No, completely.Hassaan Ahmad: you.Matthew Place: Like um I'm uh I get people messaging me about lead generation all the time. Never reply to them.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Matthew Place: The the last guy that messaged me on LinkedIn, it was the day that I've just spent smashing it for the last two weeks. I was just like, "Yes, I need a little bit of that." Um, so yeah, it's it's timing. Sales is all about timing. Like a lot of the deals that we're about to hopefully close,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Matthew Place: you know, they've been getting warmed up since summer last year, like B2B. Um, so what we do as well, we're an AI consultancy. We focus on um regulated industries. So my co-founder's backgrounds in Westminster.  
00:10:16
 Matthew Place: Um, we've got a lot of connections and he really understands policy regs. Hence, we've gone down that market. We've got a number of advisors as well. Um, so we're heavily on regulation, but B2B sales is, as you'll know, is just difficult. Like, it's soHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, look, as I mentioned,Matthew Place: difficult.Hassaan Ahmad: I've done B2B sales forever, right? For 15 years, ever since I started working. Um, it's getting harder because one, the volume is increasing so much. Like, everybody can pull up an AI generated sequence, you've got Clay, you've got multiple enrichment tools that are all generating personalized messages. So buyers are inundated, right? I've sat across CTO's and I've looked in their inboxes and they just control or delete everything. They that is what they do and that's what I do as well. So what I found to work really well is either to go really hight touch and that's what I used to do in my previous life where you're investing quite heavily in meeting people in person.  
00:11:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: So you're doing roundts you're you're investing up front. When you're a small company that that stuff adds up, right? Because you've got to book a venue, you've got to take a day out and you know it just adds up. The other end of the spectrum is where you are doing the demand capture that you're doing but you are simultaneously generating demand as well. And the way you generate demand is by doing two things simultaneously. The first one is what got you in this call with me. Right? So you do thought leadership. I've looked at your profile. You're already posting a lot. There's a method to doing LinkedIn posts that get people more aware about the problem that you're solving. The problem that you are solving is somebody everybody has on top of their mind. But that also means that this is becoming a space where everybody has an opinion. So you're competing against people who are pushing NAN automations. You're pushing against you know somebody sitting in India or Ukraine or you know a lowerc cost country and saying we could do that for two grand etc etc. that is your competition all the way all the while you're also finding the do nothing option which is do we do it do we need it etc etc you've got to educate your  
00:12:38
 Matthew Place: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: market on why the problem that you're solving is worth solving for why your approach is superior and more importantly why should they trust you because you are right now an unknown quantity in the market and you do that through thought leadership the second thing that we do is and again this is the same service that I'm doing for myself is once somebody is curious enough how do you deliver your message in a way that gets them to take an action straight away because once somebody ends up on a call with you you have the experience you have you know you you are very credible in a call and you can get them to convert so the challenge is getting them in a call with you isn't So that's that's what we do.Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So we structure inbound through these two things. Demand generation through LinkedIn thought leadership and then capturing that demand, capturing whoever is really interested in the funnel and then taking them through the funnel through a very targeted precise messaging that gets them to do what you want them to do.  
00:13:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: proven case itMatthew Place: Like what? Like what though? Like so obviously you you finally get them.Hassaan Ahmad: work.Matthew Place: You're in your you've got them on LinkedIn. You're in the DMs.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm not go in their DMs.Matthew Place: You're saying thatHassaan Ahmad: So, let me show you what I do. I'm going to share my screen with you. I'm going to show you exactly what I'm running for myself so you would see what's happening. Yeah, I do the same thing for my clients as well. So, I've got two things going right now. The first one is my posts. These are all the posts that are I posted from my account and then I'm boosting them. Okay, so I put some budget behind it. I think what I'm spending is about $20 a day. You can see the results going crazy, right? That's number one. Now, what that leads to then is if I go into my campaign manager, not this one.  
00:14:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: This one. Give me one sec. You can see my screen, right? So,Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: what that starts doing is, by the way, have you ever advertised on LinkedIn before?Matthew Place: No.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, I'm going to show you the method. Well, I'm going to show you the machine so you can see what happens when it starts working really well. So, this is the campaign that I'm using to boost my posts. And I will point you to a few numbers. In the past month, I've spent about 522. That has generated 130,000 impressions, which means that 130,000 people have seen the message that I was putting out, of which 9.47% 47% have clicked through and read it for 12.9 seconds. So, I mean, you're one of them. But that's not important. What's important though is this one. 916 people have used it. So, have came across my post and they have clicked through. Well, 933 people actually have gone to my landing page.  
00:16:05
 Matthew Place: Can you share the landing page? Because I when I was saw this call in the diary, I couldn't remember where I'd seen it or what where it had come from.Hassaan Ahmad: You probably well you certainly saw this one.Matthew Place: Okay. Yeah. And then I put my email in there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So you that's the second thing that I do.Matthew Place: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't know why this is looking weird. Anyways, so you can see that from the very first words that you read, this is designed for one ICP and it's designed to grab them by,Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, the balls. You know, this speaks to the ICP that I want to target and that's what I do. So, this is the second part of what I do. I structure the messaging in a way that the ICB can self qualify themselves either into having a call with me or not having a call with me. Yeah. So, of the 916 people that came through, if I only convert 5% a month, I'm happy.  
00:17:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, you enter your email. I capture the email and then that goes into the nurture sequence. So that is where you put the automations. And the second thing is um you can just book a call with me.Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Now you could do all of that yourself. I've got 15 years of experience behind me.Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So you know this works really well. I mean the numbers speak for themselves. I was showing you this this it it cost meMatthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: this to put my message in front of anybody. Yeah. So that's the mechanism.Matthew Place: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: What I put behind it is a lot of experience and a lot of knowledge about what actually gets these results. Um through this mechanism I am getting conversations at about 100 pounds a pop of which I convert one in every two. So the economics are phenomenal.Matthew Place: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I'm going to take a pause here and get your thoughts on what you've seen and do you think something like that could work for you?  
00:18:29
 Matthew Place: Um yeah, so we basically need to pay for LinkedIn adsHassaan Ahmad: Yes.Matthew Place: essentially and have some wording behind that have a landing page.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you would if we were to work together, you would pay me a retainer. That's one grand a month.Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I would recommend a minimum of two grand a month on advertisement spent. So, that's £3,000. For that, what you would get is I would take care of the message that you're putting out through your posts. So,Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I would establish you as an authority in your space, hopefully getting you the same results or better that I'm getting. So, spending $20 a day getting a lot of people in that. I would set up the landing page. So, I would do the entire messaging. I would use the proof points that you give me as well as my own research and my own way of doing things. So, I would set up the landing page. I would do the messaging and so forth.  
00:19:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, I would set up the entire funnel. So, we'd grab people. So we'd make them aware through thought leadership. We'd bring them to the landing page. We would retarget them through some additional advertisement which I haven't shown you. So that's conversion ads. And we would keep moving them along that journey till they're ready to have a conversation with you. Some of them will be ready to have a conversation straight away. The others will take a week or two of nurturing, maybe three weeks of nurturing. But what you're doing is a bunch. What you're building then is one your authority in the market two a group a large group of people who would recognize not stack digital as a viable solution for whenever they have a problem worth automating. And uh three, man, you're going to have qualified pipeline.Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: People that you speak with are going to be the ones that have selfqualified into thatMatthew Place: Okay. Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: pipeline.  
00:20:34
 Matthew Place: So, right now we've not got three grand a month to spend on ads. That's not I'm not saying that in three months time we won't have three grand a month to spend on ads. And I feel that this is a better solution than me on boarding somebody to do sales that I keep it do it myself as in work with someone like yourself and utilize. Yeah. Spending two grand on LinkedIn ads and getting a lot more impressions with a better wording is better than me training somebody to do outboundHassaan Ahmad: 100% and the economics will be so much better because if even if youMatthew Place: sales.Hassaan Ahmad: get a salesperson with five years experience in you're paying them fully loaded about nine grand a month which is I mean crazy man you could yeah you could get a lot more done in nineMatthew Place: Yeah. No, I agree.Hassaan Ahmad: grand what's your budget right nowMatthew Place: budget right now.Hassaan Ahmad: ifMatthew Place: We we've literally got 700 quid in this account until uh we've got a client that we've had a delivery that's stalled that hopefully in the next couple of weeks we will that'll start flowing through and then we'll get into a retainer.  
00:21:47
 Matthew Place: As I said, we've got four very promising proposals out in March. You know, then it takes two months to do phase one and then go through to the retainer. So, I'm hoping and then that's without any other conversations. I'm hoping within the next three months, the first thing that I'm doing, talking fully about my business plan, first thing that we're doing as soon as we do land these clients was going to be on board somebody. But this has massively changed my thought of on boarding anybody because I can do it so to speak in house.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Matthew Place: with the support of someone like yourself or spot yourself to beHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So,Matthew Place: fairHassaan Ahmad: I've been a seller and I've led teams of sellers. It's going to take you about three months to find somebody that you really like on board. Well, it's going to take you another few months to onboard them.Matthew Place: 100%Hassaan Ahmad: Then they would spend another month and a half building a pipeline and then the excuses start, right?  
00:22:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so you've got six months of experimentation to do anyway. I think you should definitely onboard someone when you have so much volume that you can't take care of it yourself and it starts taking you away from business priorities or thatMatthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: it's your credibility that people are going to buy. Right? Just like I've done some research on you, so I've seen that you worked at Lloyds. I know you've got the pedigree. I know you've got the team. The seller is probably not going to have that. So, absolutely, man.Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Get the volume to a point where you are just in pain, right? And then onboard someone would be myMatthew Place: Yeah, that's interesting. That's Wow.Hassaan Ahmad: recommendMatthew Place: Yeah. No, that's good to be fair. Okay. So, let's have a think because I'd also want a runway with you and we'dHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Matthew Place: need obviously you can tone down the ad spending, but I I want to have enough money in the pot that I'm going to say to my business partner, look, I think that's worthwhile of, you know, over three months it'll be spending best part of 10 grand.  
00:24:13
 Matthew Place: Um, which I do think I'll be worth I do genuinely think it'll be worth it because you only need to close one client out of thatHassaan Ahmad: Yes.Matthew Place: and it's already paid for itself.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What's your ticket price?Matthew Place: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: What's your ACB?Matthew Place: oh, depends. Really depends. It flexes. One tomorrow is 12 and a half. Then we've got another one out on uh Tuesday around 2530. Like the the company size has changed as well from like 30 to 400. Um, so it depends. It massively depends. Um, so yeah, it's definitely not one for now,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Matthew Place: but you've turned my head from thinking to hire someone to pretty much do this as soon as we've got the cash.Hassaan Ahmad: Wow.Matthew Place: So, shall we I've Yeah, because I'm thinking, you know, proposal is going out this month. Even if they sign it, it takes them so long to no one will be paying me until April. It probably best to look at this end of in eight weeks and then if that is too soon, we can just have a quick touch point.  
00:25:31
 Matthew Place: You can just ring me for five minutes.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think that that sounds okay. Um, end of April, that works forMatthew Place: Yes. End of April. Let me just look at my diary.Hassaan Ahmad: you.Matthew Place: See if I'm on holiday at any point. Um yeah, say the 30th.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay, let's put 30 minutes in the diary.Matthew Place: Yeah, that's fine. If it is too soon,Hassaan Ahmad: Um,Matthew Place: I will move you out. But um working in sales recently is quite funny than jumping on sales calls because I just think like I'm in this situation all day and then getting sold to. But you've genuinely changed my mind about how Yeah. not on boarding someone because I think that'll just cause me so much pain.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Just uh you know,Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: if you take nothing from this call, just take this. hire someone when you physically cannot do one more single call. You know, that is that is the signal that nature and life is giving you that you've really got to give this to someone else.  
00:26:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: But that happens when you're in so many calls and you've got so many customers and so forth that your hands are legitimately full.Matthew Place: Yeah, it's it's more I'd want a salesperson for the start of the funnel, like the the real front end of the funnel of we do a lot of cold calling at theHassaan Ahmad: How'sMatthew Place: moment and I know do you know what we're targeting the insurance market because we've just onHassaan Ahmad: that?Matthew Place: board an insurance adviser that was exchief of staff at the trade body. So, we really going in. I don't mind it. As long as I've got my business partner on the phone with me, I can just rattle through them and I'm fine. Um, it is pretty grim when you're just literally on your own. But I don't mind it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Matthew Place: People are sound and I'm on with my business partner and you know, someone tells me to piss off, I just crease. Like it's so funny when he's talking. I find it so funny and I like I truly believe that the how hard we work this will work for us.  
00:27:56
 Matthew Place: We've got a really good offering because of like the background of my business partner and what he can bring and pull um pulling in the regulatory side. So it will work. It's just the graft. And I said that we'll look back at this in say like a year's time and just be like remember when we just had a clear diary and would just dial all day. Like it was so fun.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. That's that's the hustle phase.Matthew Place: UmHassaan Ahmad: And uh if you enjoy that, you're going to enjoy everything else that comes after it. I've dropped a calendar invite for 10:30 a.m.Matthew Place: yeah, go for it.Hassaan Ahmad: on your calendar. If the time doesn't work, we'll move it.Matthew Place: Yeah, I know.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh before the call,Matthew Place: That's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: I was researching you, so I've sent you a calendar invite as well. I think you'll uh Sorry, I've sent you a LinkedIn connectMatthew Place: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: request.Matthew Place: that's fine.  
00:28:45
 Matthew Place: Um, that time definitely won't work. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Matthew Place: do you want to do just push it back to 11,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Matthew Place: please?Hassaan Ahmad: that's fine.Matthew Place: And then we'll see where we're at. Hopefully, I'm smiling on this call and imagine if I bring you in a bit. uh bring it forward, but I doubt that will ever happen in thisHassaan Ahmad: any anything can happen, man. One contract can change everything.Matthew Place: world.Hassaan Ahmad: So, they still opening. But I I was looking at your website and I was looking at the team. You guys are in the right place at the right time doing the right thing and there's going to be such massive demand for what you guys are doing. So,Matthew Place: I hope so.Hassaan Ahmad: gettingMatthew Place: I hope so. I think the regulatory aspect is just like I'm just fully the operator. Um my background is in digital transformation and more out of project management. Um fully the operator just dip into everything but the strength of the team is  
00:29:48
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Matthew Place: ridiculous.Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely. Do you have a couple of minutes? Yeah.Matthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Where are you seeing the most interest in the insurance space?Matthew Place: Um, so we've got so in terms of the actual tech, the best place that we've found to start is in like new business. So like filtering inboxes. So say someone has lots of requests coming through. It's like automatically putting the requests straight into the CRM system. So, for one of his clients, we saved them uh it depends who I'm speaking to, but we saved them 60 grand, but it's 120 grand if we do the messaging. Um, on every case, it usually take 15 minutes to just pass through all the information, just send it straight through.Hassaan Ahmad: No.Matthew Place: Um, so that would be that's that was that was um like claims investigations. We've got a lot of conversations happening with brokers at the moment and it's the same sort of thing. It's around uh inbox management and then real add-ons that we've not got to yet but are like nice to haves.  
00:30:58
 Matthew Place: It's like knowing that you've got um renewals coming up. You can see how you could use AI to see how warm the lead is. Do you want to send a message to them? How do you want to keep them sort of in the loop? There there's lots of different stuff. And then also the analytics layer that leaders really like. They can see cross system when you when you plug them in together. Um, yeah. What's the the reason behind the question?Hassaan Ahmad: So um before this I was at Annaplan selling planning solutions and one of the biggest things that we were doing in insurance we were so with AVA weMatthew Place: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: did 1.8 8 million ACV on top of whatever they were spending with us just on the contact center. And the use case was so phenomenal because um you have to well they have a lot of people spread across all over the world and one it's the payroll planning. So how do you structure it? Do you have temp?  
00:32:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: Do you have permanent? Do you have contract? Second is the skills and third then is the coverage. So busy periods, non- busy periods, holidays are really busy etc etc. all the way down to time of the day as well because they had some staff based you know pretty dispersed geographically that needed well they that they could leverage for the contact center and I think for the automations piece the AI is now good enough that you could take care of the skills you could take care of the let's call it level one and level two queries level three still goes to a person and that that was a massive piece. So, Aviva was there, Alons, um, all of the big insurance ones, every single company was looking at the contact center piece. Well, for the most part, claimsMatthew Place: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: wasMatthew Place: I've spoke to some businesses um that have already done a lot of work with the contact center and it feels like they've done it previously. So there's the a lot of companies as well have tried to implement voice AI.  
00:33:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: H.Matthew Place: At the moment I've not heard a good use case out of it. That could be just who I've spoke to, but I've heard a lot of people work with a lot of different companies um or a couple of different companies and just be like it's just what they're selling versus when it's implemented. It's just two totally different things. There was one company that demoed to a um a prospect of ours and the demo was their their internal colleague taking the call. So, it was faked basically. Um, it's I don't think it's there yet.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Matthew Place: And also I get I mean I get pissed off on IVR anyway. Never mind if I'm starting to speak to a robot. Like to say I work in AI. I hate speaking to chat bots. Just give me a person. Like it pisses me off soHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. But man,Matthew Place: much.Hassaan Ahmad: I think the economics very soon are going to invert that. it's going to work out so cheap for these companies to implement this.  
00:34:20
 Matthew Place: Oh, I can imagine.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, the economics alone will just force their hand. But yeah, it's a fascinatingMatthew Place: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: spaceMatthew Place: definitely see what happens. It's just interesting how slow people are moving.Hassaan Ahmad: insurance in the UK. I mean,Matthew Place: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: surprised they're moving atMatthew Place: that is true.Hassaan Ahmad: all.Matthew Place: We started working with some law firms as well um like uh ambient scribbing it's called.Hassaan Ahmad: H.Matthew Place: Does that make sense to you?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Matthew Place: So like transcribing everything that they're doing basically so it prevents them losing billable hours and they can actually remember who they spoke to,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Matthew Place: how long they spoke to and all that sort of stuff. Which works with one firm and there was 11 million pound gap of just f****** like people just not recording their hours. 11 milHassaan Ahmad: Man,Matthew Place: crazy.Hassaan Ahmad: it is insane. But it's just opportunityMatthew Place: Yeah, I know. Of course.Hassaan Ahmad: just mate.Matthew Place: Of course. Um, right.Hassaan Ahmad: Fascinating talking to youMatthew Place: Yeah. No, I really appreciate it.Hassaan Ahmad: and amazing.Matthew Place: To be fair, you've opened my eyes to something that I didn't actually know about.Hassaan Ahmad: So let's uh look forward to speaking at the end of April hopefully before that. But I wish you best of luck with the proposals that you are sending out. If there's anything that you need help with before that let me know.  
Transcription ended after 00:38:18

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
