---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Dan+Nick x Remotir - GTM for Nutrition Integrated – 2026/04/09 12:58 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-04-09T13:14:30.841Z
meeting_date: 2026-04-09T13:03:43.935Z
---


Dan+Nick x Remotir - GTM for Nutrition Integrated - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hello, can you hear me?Dan Watt: Yes, we can. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: Doing very well. How are you?Dan Watt: Yeah, we're very good. Thank you. We're very good.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. How's the day been for youDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: guys?Dan Watt: Good. And brain's expanded. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Good stuff. Nick,Dan Watt: Marketing.Hassaan Ahmad: thank you for joining us. And Dan, thank you for getting Nick in a room. Appreciate that. Um Nick, I'm Hassan. I'm the chief revenue officer and founder of Remoteier. I invited my colleague and my co-founder Na to the call as well. Nan, do you want to do a quick intro?Adnan Khan: Uh yeah happy to uh hey I'm Adan as said uh co-founder remoteier um high level I look after all the execution pieces uh from everything from app creatives landing page all the tracking that needs to be hooked up any CRM integrations etc. Uh most of my background is in product and product design.  
00:02:37
 Adnan Khan: Um so I did uh so currently my most recent role was at Meta. So did that for about five or six years. Uh prior to that I worked through two startups that went through I think I joined them at 30 people and then they scaled up to 300 plus. In both cases they had like funding taken on. So I've seen seen a bunch of that through like okay what does it look like when a startup is young? What does like a full-scale corporate look like? done a bunch of stuff in between from an execution perspective. So in my first role I did like branding, conference design, logo design all the way designing, swag eventually did product and mobile apps. So that design for that as well. Uh in my end was a lot about scale. So really end to end execution that sort of falls on me and my team whereas looks uh after more more of the sales side of things. I I haven't met you both so I kind of gave the extended intro.  
00:03:32
 Adnan Khan: on. Let me know if that was too long.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll let Nick and Dan be the judge of that.Dan Watt: No, no. All good. Very good. I'm happy with that.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. Appreciate it. Um, well, I've obviously briefed Adnan on the conversation that we've had so far,Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but I appreciate that we've only got an hour here. So, I had a couple of things that I wanted to accomplish from today's call. Want to narrate them to you and uh you should let me know if that's aligned with how you see this call progressing. Yeah. But ultimately, I think the outcome that both of us probably want from this call is you walk away. Well, both of us walk away with a clear understanding of is there a partnership potential here or not? Correct. Yeah. So, Nick, um, as you probably already know, Dan and I have spoken a couple times. We've gone into quite a bit of depth on what are some of the challenges, you know, what's driving the urgency on your side, what does good look like and where you're headed.  
00:04:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, I the first thing I want to do is make sure that we are aligned with you on that. Yeah. And get your perspective on where you see the biggest challenges um to the runup to the 200k additional growth that that I mentioned you guys are targeting this year. Yeah, that's number one. Number two is I want to share a perspective of where I feel things are broken and where the biggest leverage for us lies. What we can meaningfully impact in the next kind of three to six months to put you on the trajectory to that 200k addition target. Yeah. And the third thing that I'm really keen on understanding is I appreciate you're you've met what two CMOs fraction CMOS already today. Yeah. Or thereabouts. So want to really understand what are you after right and what does good look like from you. If that's something that we can do and that's within our um capabilities we can let you know. If it's not we can uh we can let you know that as well.  
00:05:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: But ultimately at the end of 60 minutes we should both know where we stand with this potential opportunity. Sounds okay.Dan Watt: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds good. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Perfect. All right. Well, with that,Dan Watt: Absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: let me just quickly recap what Dan and I have covered so far. I put together a bunch of slides. Um, let me know if that gets too much. I've spent 15 years doing corporate. My last role was with Anniplan where I was selling to the likes of Compass, Sedexo, and so forth. So, sold at the highest levels and I've sold to some of the people that you're targeting. with the category managers, the CROS and so forth. So, I think that's that's relevant here. But one of the things that my corporate background makes me do is put together slides. So, um I tried to not lean on them too much, but that's what I've put together for you. Yeah.  
00:06:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, based on my conversation with Dan, here's what I've heard. Three pillars really or three big problems. The first one is you don't have a commercial engine. Everything goes through Unic. you're in conferences, I think four or five times a year. Um, you need to be in pretty much every single sales call yourself. With Dan coming in, that should that should get easier and you should have a burden to share. So far, most of the revenue has been either through you doing some bespoke consulting or you doing some reporting and presenting that to customers or you're going to networking and so forth. You have been involved which means your bandwidth is a ceiling. Yeah. There's no well there's not two of you or three of you. Yeah. So if you god forbid ever get sick, take a holiday or anything happens that leaves a question mark on the growth. That's problem number one that Dan and I are covered. The second one is you don't have anyone to build it.  
00:07:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: You know, it's only the two of you. Your marketing person's leaving. The sales people that you brought in have left when they couldn't find for themselves in the sixish months that they were there. and nobody's really kind of taken ownership of the entire funnel apart from the two of you. Nobody's been accountable so far for the revenue piece that ultimately matters. And the third thing is you guys are potentially looking at an exit x number of months from now. So you're wondering what does that look like? Where do you need to be in order to get to the valuation that you want? So every month that you don't act, it's basically that exit getting a month further away. Is that is that how you see the business and how you see the problem? And Dan, did I capture that correctly or have I spoken out of turn here?Dan Watt: Yeah, that's Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: I agree with that.Hassaan Ahmad: Tonight, how do you see the issue?Dan Watt: Um, yeah, know it's very accurate.  
00:08:23
 Dan Watt: I mean, Dan and I are quite aligned on this. Um, so we're we're definitely not in separate places. Um there is yeah some great products um a bit too tied into founder some consultative work that goes around it lead generation is is key for us um to scale something that we have the ability to scale if that makes sense like you know we data orientated so yeah we've got a platform yeah we're aHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Absolutely.Dan Watt: lotHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What what I think about when I look at your products is you've you've really built something that people want. Dan mentioned that you close every second demo that you're in. So one and two is your win rate which is pretty brilliant for a data product. Having sold data products all my life I know that's really difficult. So the right product when people see it they just love it. It's just getting in front of those people predictably and efficiently is the biggest challenge that we've got to solve. Yeah.  
00:09:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: And then um thanks for that.Dan Watt: Agreed.Hassaan Ahmad: So when we look at why you haven't been able to do it so far, what are some of the roadblocks to that currently? We basically landed on this one, 100% found a dependent. Two, the efforts that you've done so far have been focused on brand awareness, but they have been misargeted. Yeah. So there's it's it's a two-part problem. One is brand awareness. They weren't optimized for conversion. And two is the mis targeting piece. But Stan and I looked into the first time we spoke. We saw that the ads that you were running on LinkedIn, 81% of them, 81% of the traffic was coming from Egypt, which is not where your ICP was. From the UK, the traffic was like 3% then. Correct me if I'm wrong. So targeting piece was something that stood out really kind of strongly to me. And the third is just the run rate that you have. So without you being in conferences, if I understand correctly, it's you're only getting one inquiry and that doesn't scale to 200K.  
00:10:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, so those are the three problems then that weDan Watt: No,Hassaan Ahmad: feel require specific effort on to help you get to where you want to be.Dan Watt: great.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, I'm going to take a pause here, Nick, and I want to understand before I go into how we would fix it. Um, I know you've met some CMOs, you've looked into some other options, want to understand what you're after, you know, what it would look like to you and what are you looking for a partner to do for you? And if that's something we could do, I could walk you through how we would do it. And if not, we give everybody 45 minutes back and everybody goes home, you know.Dan Watt: So the the question sorry to me is the question to me is what do I think good looks like so and what what we're lookingHassaan Ahmad: What are you looking for from the partnership or the partner or the person that you're going to bring to solve theseDan Watt: forHassaan Ahmad: problems for you?  
00:11:34
 Dan Watt: well I mean I mean beyond what we've already what it's already been flagged I mean we need to be able to break down we need to get more people into direct conversations with us so we need we need raise a focus on being able to generate leads with the right people within the types of businesses that we know we service already. So we service brands. The majority of our revenue typically comes from B2B. So ingredient suppliers or those within the supply chain of making a product. So that would be the ingredient suppliers, the flavor companies, the manufacturers or anybody in between to which there's you know various nuances. Um we need to get to those people for them to understand what we do really clearly. I think they know that we do data and insights, but I don't think they know quite what the product can deliver for them as much as we would want them to. And we need them to become excited about it without to to initiate and accelerate the the the sales funnel.  
00:12:45
 Dan Watt: Basically, that's what we need. Um, we've generated a lot of good content and awareness up to this point. Um, so people know about us, but I still think there's a conversion of knowing about us versus knowing what we can do for them. Um, and that's an important job to be able to then facilitate more people organically engaging with usHassaan Ahmad: That's very helpful tactically. What does that look like?Dan Watt: tactically. Um, I don't know. Isn't that I'm hoping you're going to tell me the answer to that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Well, okay. So,Dan Watt: No.Hassaan Ahmad: you you would have heard different versions of what that looks like tactically today. Yeah. What amongst that resonates with you and where do you feel there are some gaps that you aren't sold on yet?Dan Watt: Um, I guess the thing that's resonating most to me today is or or just generally is making sure people were we're communicating appropriately what it is that we do, but it's simplified enough for the right people in the right business.  
00:14:00
 Dan Watt: Um, so I guess it's finding the right customer journey I think is the the thing that making sure that it's just really clear. I think it was still a little bit complicated in terms of we say a lot of stuff but I'm not sure it's a lot of stuff that's really crystal clear. So we need to be really focused on that. That's tactically that's what we need to do. I think actually beyond that at that point we're in a really we'll be able to engage more conversations betterHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: quicker.Hassaan Ahmad: So if I am to rephrase that just for my understanding, it's the messaging around the outcomes that you deliver for people. That's the biggest gap that you feel currentlyDan Watt: Yes. Well,Hassaan Ahmad: exists.Dan Watt: as well as that's the first part and then the second part is of course communicating to them in mediums that they'll see it as opposed to reaching out directly onetoone or what have you. So then the ability to scale those messages in a in the right way in the  
00:15:00
 Adnan Khan: Yeah.Dan Watt: right format in the right through the right mediums to get to them quickly so they can see that those messages. So at the moment people see our communications through our own channels but um you know we need to f we need to crystallize what we communicate so it's really razor sharp and then we need to accelerate people seeing that from us in a way that they want to then follow itAdnan Khan: Yeah, I think the the biggest key word I picked up there was the customer journey.Dan Watt: up.Adnan Khan: So I think like yeah the top of funnel meeting them at the right channel or avenue wherever these people are hanging out getting to a point and I think that's what you're referring to is like getting to the me getting the messaging in a way that resonates with them that associates the problems that they're facing and then takingHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: those people through quote unquote the funnel or the customer journey in a way that they can actually land with you guys and hit that one one of two closing rate potentially.  
00:16:05
 Adnan Khan: Uh, and for the people who are not like how do we get them to a point where they keep coming back or convince them over time through multiple touches and that sort of thing. That's that's the customer journey that I picked up on, but curious if you read that differently.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think it's a classic B2B funnel problem, right? You've got 80% of people who don't even know they have a problem, let alone know that, you know, you exist as a solution. So, the first challenge that we've got to solve is educating them. And that's the kind of stuff that your existing efforts have done well with you going to the conferences. I think you're you're doing that as well. But then it's a matter of taking the people who are now problem aware or either solution aware into the funnel. Get them to start talking to you. Get them to start looking at you more seriously. Get them to start putting a cost against the problem that they have. So what is the cost of not having the accurate ingredient tracking information or pricing information and so forth and and get them to a point where they're ready to engage with you with a serious intent to buy.  
00:17:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, I've seen that many times across my career and we're we're solving the same problem for pretty much all of our customers. So, Nick, I think what might be the most helpful for you is if I walk you through a real example of how we have approached something precisely similar.Dan Watt: Yes, please. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I'll take you through the journey or I'll take you through the steps that we take to architect that user journey and show you the results at the end of it. Yeah. After that, what I would appreciate is just an open and honest conversation around does that hit the mark for you or not. We'll skip all the pitching. Yeah. You can see the results. You can see the output and you can tell me if that's something you want to learn more about or not. Yeah. Let me find the right assets and let me um let me start it. So we have a client who has kindly given us the permission to share some information with you.  
00:18:28
 Dan Watt: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Let me know if you can share my screen. Uh you can see my screen. So the client's name is my one login. It's not a data customer.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: They are reason I picked this client for you is because they have they had a similar problem to you which is people could get what they do but not get what it does for them. Yeah. So my login is our identity access manager or in other words a password manager for enterprises. The website which you're looking at right now was very technical goes into a lot of detail about what it does as a company but it's not targeted or specific to a persona. So the problem that they were running into was despite all the information that they were putting out and they putting out a lot of information out there. They were either getting in people who were very technical in nature who had no budget, no authority, no intention to buy. they were just technically curious or they were getting a lot of traffic but there was people who were at the bottom of the pyramid they just weren't problem aware so they were too early in the in the awareness cycle for it to convert into any year opportunity for them does that sound similar to where you find yourself yeah so what we did for them and when we start engaging with any client is start off with a big strategy G well we do a diagnosis first we call it a four  
00:19:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: lens diagnosis and you've touched on all four lenses so it's who your ICP is what the message needs to be which channel you need to put that message on and what does the execution look like that's the four lenses you get them right revenue becomes or results become a consequence you miss one of them things go out of alignment it doesn't work here so we do a four lens diagnosis but at the end of the four lens diagnosis what to get up to is something like this where we say all right we feel that these are your ICPS that you should be going after and this is why so what the title look like what exactly their pain is and what is the job to be done that's the big piece right we get to the job to be done and that's what we base the message around so based on that what we get to ICP is the ideal customerDan Watt: All right. So, I was going to say, what's an ICB?Hassaan Ahmad: profile. Yeah.Dan Watt: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So for you it's category manager but it's not just category manager.  
00:21:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: It's category manager who's looking at protein for his protein shake. Something like it's very detailed. It's it's thermographic but also it's rooted in pain. Yeah. So we take that and then we get up to we go into a bit more detail and we're like all right well if we have identified the pain and we have identified the ICP then how do we build the message that resonates with them? So we get up to what are the things they care the most about. So for this firm, if the ICP is an accounting is a partner at an accounting firm, they care about losing productivity because they're billing their people by the hour. Yeah. Each hour lost is a big fail for them. So that's the first thing. The second is the scale. The third is reputational risk and so forth. So we get to that and ultimately we get to very in-depth messaging for them that speaks only to that ICP and it puts them in a position where if the right person sees it, they can immediately qualify themselves into having a conversation.  
00:22:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: anyone else qualifies themselves out of having that conversation, which means that the people that come in through the funnel are hyper aware, self-qualified, and more than likely to convert than anyone else. Yeah, that's the strategy piece. And this is something that we do in the first kind of week of engaging with someone. Off the back of that, we go into well, most specifically, Adnan goes into the design phase. We take all the messaging and we build the assets around it. So this is you're looking at the wireframe of a landing page that we built for them. This is a very collaborative e effort where we work with the client and we say all right well this is the message that we're going to put in front of people. You're in a similar case as them because you have logos that we can lean on. We've got a message right which is really strong. And as you can see nowhere in this message do we talk about their product. We talk about pain. we talk about the outcomes that things can this solution can deliver for them and so forth.  
00:23:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: So so we're dealing with pain that you there's a productivity tax compliance failure and so forth and we only later like after twothirds of the page do we get into the product and we say this is what it does for you. Yeah. That then leads to ad creatives, which is how do we take the entire landing page, compress it down to two lines that people can see while they're scrolling on LinkedIn or coming across Google, whatever the channel is that stops them in their tracks and gets them to look at the message. We do that and then we run this live. So, we manage the entire campaign. 50 for a meeting with a chief technology officer at a UK top 40 company, MD at a UK top 20 company and so forth. Yeah. So it's that architecting that entire funnel with hypersp specific focus that brings in extremely senior people in through the funnel at a cost that you can see and validate and then off the basis of that you can see all right ifAdnan Khan: Yes.  
00:24:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: the blended cost of me getting this meeting is 170 per CXO 1,700 means I can 10 of I can meet 10 of them in a week or sorryAdnan Khan: Come on.Hassaan Ahmad: in a 3,400 means I could scale that to 20 in a month and so forth. And that's the point where we like to get out our clients and after that it's a hand off to you and then you run the funnel and it's on you and your product to convert them to. Make sense?Dan Watt: Yeah. Yeah, it does. It does make sense. Yeah. Um Yeah. So the to create the first bit. That's some form of exploration phase workshop where we're working through the pain points, the personas or the the ICPS.Hassaan Ahmad: we will work through it. So what it looks like in practice is we would spend two hours with you both of you andDan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: if you have a product person for you to take us through your current pipeline, your current customers, help us understand where you've had successes, where you've failed.  
00:25:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: Dan has done some work on that with me already, so I've got some background information, but we really deeply want to understand your current customer profile and what makes them tick. We take that information and after that we'd kick off our research. So, we've got a in-house research team that's going to do extensive research both on your market, on the people, on the specific customer profiles and so forth. and we'll come back to you with the kind of output that you saw. So we'll tell you that based on what we have learned from you as well as our own research, these are the opportunities. Yeah, this is where we should target and this is why. You tell us that resonates with you. This stuff takes like three to four days. You tell us if that works for you and if it does we take it to the next phase and thereafter I already have Yeah, sorry.Dan Watt: And then on no I was just going to say and then and then from and then you create the campaigns or the  
00:26:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: Go for it.Dan Watt: ads etc. And where are they going? What what's where what's what's the ads? Is that LinkedIn? Is it across multiple mediums? What what's the where's the what's the execution medium?Hassaan Ahmad: We can handle all channels, but for the pilot and we would I would recommend that we start off with a pilot rather than something full-fledged. For the pilot, we want to keep it very very focused. So one channel, one message, one ICP, one product keeps the cost low for you, helps us get to unit economics that are very defensible and it helps us establish the floor of what it needs to be and then we compare everything else against it. So if we have established that it costs us 170 to get a head of product into a meeting with you, then we can see all right, what does it cost us on Google? If it cost us let's say 300 then we can see all right we we've got to put all of our eggs in LinkedIn and you know continue scaling that as opposed to something else.  
00:27:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: The problem with going broad too quickly is it just youDan Watt: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: spread your budget too thing and you don't give a single channel room to breathe and learn and get to the efficiency that it needs to.Dan Watt: Which makes sense.Adnan Khan: IHassaan Ahmad: Does that make sense?Dan Watt: What? Yeah, it does. What What's a pilot? I mean, I know what a pilot is, but what's a pilot in your terms? What does that mean? that that's it's it's more a case of just a certain a really focused one persona. Three three months, two months, one months, 10Hassaan Ahmad: 3 months. 3 months we recommend um it would be dependingDan Watt: likeHassaan Ahmad: on I I have another slide which I will put up in a bit. So it depends on where we start. Yeah, I think the pricing tracker or maybe the ingredient tracker might be a better place for us to start. But we decide what we want to do and then we run it for 3 months.  
00:28:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: So it takes it between five and 10 days to do our research, get the assets live and get the campaign going. Yeah, that's about twoish weeks. After that, you've really got to give the algorithm a space of between six to eight weeks to run properly. The first couple of weeks, two to three almost always goes into learning because you haven't run anything before in a couple of months and because what you ran earlier was wasn't perfect. We've got to retrain the algorithm. So two to three month two to three weeks goes towards that and it's only after week want to say five or six that you start seeing some real results which are repeatable which aren't flukes. So obviously we don't want to stop there. We want to run it for another few weeks to make sure that that's actually a pattern and not noise. 3 months gives us enough to establish that pattern, establish what the unit economics are. And off the end at the end of three months, we could decide if it's worth scaling to another angle, scaling to the same thing or we try something else entirely for you.  
00:29:42
 Adnan Khan: I think one thing I'll add to that is like this because we're like veryDan Watt: Okay.Adnan Khan: hyperfocused on growth. We tend to look very very closely at the data and we follow the data usually as opposed to making like sure there will be educated guesses but they have to be eventually backed by data. And so if we see a particular angle working really well, that's a signal for us to like go go figure like go deeper on that angle and then we keep doing that every two weeks. Um so it's not a set it and forget it thing. Uh it's because even even the LinkedIn campaigns, they go stale. Uh because the algo decided, oh yeah, it doesn't want to spend on this, it wants to spend on something else. So it's really carefully looking through the data, combing through it almost on a daily basis.Dan Watt: And from a from a a pilot and campaign point of view, would you what how how specific is this in the context of our business? Is this you mentioned the two?  
00:30:37
 Dan Watt: Is this like these service? Is it about one pilot focuses on like one particular tracker or like say we would be like this is the one thing we want to just test. So it's like one product, one particular use case. Is that is that what a pie looks like? I mean how how how just help me understand that?Hassaan Ahmad: The best pilot neck will be very it would have four walls around it. Yeah, it would be boxed in to the extent possible. But that is a decision that we would need to make together once we kick it off. Yes, we would need to decide what the shape of the pilot needs to be after we have learned more about your business during that kickoff. After we have seen what case studies you have, what customer proof points you have because what we want to get to is something that gives us a good foundation to run from. You could start from zero but three months is not enough time to see good results from zero.  
00:31:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So we want to start with a base that already is there that you have baseline metrics to compare us against and then we go from there. I did mention that we have you know based on the conversation Dan and I had there's a few angles that we have already identified. So I'm going to put them on the screen now but it doesn't mean we have to start from here. Yeah, we could start from anywhere you point us, but we have to be realistic about what we hope to get at the end of those three months. And as long as the expectations are aligned, anywhere is fair. Is there any from this that jumps out at you?Dan Watt: Um um well I don't really want to do the the thought leader.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Can Dan do it?Dan Watt: Um I'm not really a thought leader.Hassaan Ahmad: Dan, are you up to it? upright. Okay. All right. You rule that out. See, that's why this is  
00:32:59
 Dan Watt: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: helpful.Dan Watt: I mean just because I think for us it's it's it will lead to bespoke expectations and that's what we're desperately trying to avoid really. Um the two major things that go through my mind areHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: um that I debate on. So the first one is our our biggest uh our long-term opportunity is an ingredient, you know, is an ingredient tracker. There's a tons of ingredient suppliers and our ability to give them a really good understanding of the the data we can provide around their ingredient I believe could do a big great job for them. So that's like you know that is a product in the here now and also with huge scope for developing getting to a large number of people.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: The other area though is the price tracker particularly around a very small set of products. Now I say small set it's a very important set. So like the biggest revenued driving products in our industry are protein powders and they are subject to really high raw ingredient prices at the moment like really really high.  
00:34:07
 Dan Watt: And so basically it's a it's a a a an hourby- hour conversation within the brands and the suppliers. How are people going to re respond? How are they going to react? What are people doing? How are they responding? Who's going to move first? Who you know? And we we are we're one of the only ones who are selling an understanding of the cost sold to the consumer of these products effectively. Are those brands increasing prices? are they doing different things? And we can help people understand that. Um, and we've got a lot of very good case studies now of people engaging with us on that. That's a very emotive topic. It's a very high emotive pro topic at the moment. That's right at the front of mind. Albeit for people who are in whey protein and protein powders, but the knock on into plant protein and things is broad. So, you know, even the plant protein business probably needs to know what's going on because how could they take advantage of it?  
00:35:04
 Dan Watt: And that feels like a really like highly emotive um more opportunistic. It's just that I know that the prices aren't going to change for another 12 to 18 months. So whilst it's opportunistic, it's also got a lot of ground work if that makes sense. So it's just it's like the slightly smaller product but it's really a motive in the industry at the moment or just that core product about we do an amazing job in ingredients which is obviously we just want to get behind anyway because the long-term future of the business is going to be based around that. I can't remember what the fourth one was but I kindHassaan Ahmad: I CP correction.Dan Watt: ofHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it was operation. Forget about that. So, look, you've got you've raised a really good point and that's where we find most of our clients. Yeah, it's almost always a matter of how long is the piece of string. Yeah, the best case scenario is where we're going after the short-term opportunity as well as the building for the long-term opportunity.  
00:36:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: However, for most of our clients, budget is almost always a concern. So, what we recommend is we focus on the short-term bit because it's so emotive, because it's so timely, so specific, get the revenue from it, and we feed the long-term opportunity. That's the flywheel that we want to build. And once we build that, each sale that you do on the short-term piece directly benefits the long-term piece. Yeah. For the long term, we could start something top of funnel, start making people more aware that's lower cost, but it's a longer sales cycle. You're looking at six, 12 months potentially, depending on whatever your sales cycle is to to get that revenue. But in the meantime, you have something that sustains it that isn't coming out of your operational budget today. Yeah, that's number one. The other piece is I'm very conscious about the fact that this is going to be a new opportunity, new partnership for you. And I'm always keen on proving value first before we do something long term. Focusing on the short-term opportunity allows you the room to see does this work for you?  
00:37:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: Does this deliver the outcomes that you are looking for or three-month experiment so to speak? By the end of it, you are more likely to see revenue as opposed to focusing on the longerterm thing which could take months upon months to materialize. Those are my two thoughts. Don't know how they landDan Watt: What do you think? Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: here.Dan Watt: Yeah, I think the one thing we could one thing thinking about the whey protein pricing thing, one thing we could do is another another slight tweak in the option is a lot of customers we've sold them reports when they initially come in and then they only go to a they only go to a bigger a bigger spend on the interactive thing like as a second phase. So we could actually sell So we could focus on just trying to sell like offtheshelf reportsHassaan Ahmad: So upsell them. Wait,Dan Watt: targeted.Hassaan Ahmad: so do you want to upsell the interactive dashboards or the trackers to the ones who are on reports? Is that what you  
00:38:27
 Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: meant?Dan Watt: If we if we you know if we manage to sell if we manage to sell reports to people for literally like wait you know on a like what the last 12 month weight protein pricing report for Europe or US right then once we've got those people in the door with a report then they're like they're then warmed up that we've got a little bit of revenue off them and then they're warmed up then ready to go back in to try and get them onto the subscription or you know upsell to them. So the focus so if I get you so one third option another option is we just go really focused on a relatively lower revenue product around a a report around the latest pricing and the latest dynamics selling that but we're in then in conversation to upsell them to the 12 month subscription. Yeah because if we just try and get meetings with people then the risk is you know some people don't want meetings they just want to buy something. So we could we could go straight for what see can we sell can we sell some reports without even needing needing a meeting  
00:39:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: What's the cost per report?Dan Watt: whichHassaan Ahmad: Not cost, what's the sell sales price per report?Dan Watt: I mean we typically sell reports between three to five grandAdnan Khan: Would that be self-s served?Dan Watt: market.Adnan Khan: Would they just come in and Yeah.Dan Watt: Yeah. Yes. Yeah. I mean it is. Yeah. We can we we would have reports that are self-s serve. There is an up there is an upscale where and this is not really what we want to do but where we can present it or do workshop but we would want to add significant value for that. Not just you know for an extra 500 quid we'll present it more like for another three grand we'll present it to you type thing. Um, but I think what we want is just to sell the latest information on the whey protein price, uh, data and so on. And there's a report ready to go that if people engage with it, they can buy it there and then it's done.  
00:40:32
 Dan Watt: You know, click there and we don't even need to. But we can talk to them about the report if they want and they want a meeting and if they don't, they just want to buy, then of course we see if we could sell the report 20 times over. Um, and then we would have our proof of principle that we can sell reports, but we can reinvest that quickly into upscaling those people into a bigger product. Um, yeah, I mean that is actually a good solution. I have the debate about whether people want to buy a one-off report in today's world without it feeling a bit more tailored,Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Dan Watt: but it actually as a as a topic area. This is this is something where it's not like you can just go and find a report on on this. This would be you could ingrain it coming from us with our expertise and thought leadership. It's just as a report that we are not having to engage with you on.Hassaan Ahmad: could work. Um, it's going to require you doing something you don't want to do,  
00:41:28
 Dan Watt: No,Hassaan Ahmad: which is thought,Dan Watt: we just Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: which is the thought leaderDan Watt: Well,Hassaan Ahmad: piece.Dan Watt: yeah. So, so the cheap the cheaper report option is that like we have data reports that don't have any commentary in,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: right? So, we could come up with a kind of like a simplified report that we could have at a lower price point that that's more like a 1,000Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: report that basically acts as a lead, you know, that that acts as more like a lead generate like a gated asset. It's almost like gated asset that we charge for that's a lead generator, but Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Crap.Dan Watt: but most of the reports already done because I'm basically presenting on it all the time every day at the moment. So, no, but that doesn't take the value away from it, does it? If we if we're selling it for 8K, then we can't start giving it away for 1K. No, no, no, no. Sorry.  
00:42:19
 Dan Watt: Yes, definitely. Yeah, I just mean Yeah.Adnan Khan: Can you connect a quick gap for me?Dan Watt: Okay.Adnan Khan: So I think what I'm hearing is like the reports areDan Watt: Yeah.Adnan Khan: presented.Dan Watt: I mean at the moment a lot of our customers they want to know they want to maybe I fuel it for the wrong for right or wrong reasons but they want to they want to talk about it but weAdnan Khan: They want the inerson thing. Okay. So that that's that's better than a report IDan Watt: but well people like that because of course it feelsAdnan Khan: think.Dan Watt: more you're still telling them the same thing that just you're just engaging their conversations.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Dan Watt: What we would love to be able to do is of course have a report that people go I love that report but I will once every quarter pay a lot of money just to do this other thing like maybe talk to us really we want people to go I loveAdnan Khan: Yeah.Dan Watt: their update reports their data reports because that keeps us our fingers on the pulse on a frequency that we really need when it comes to pricing now it's  
00:43:20
 Adnan Khan: And between the two of you, do both of you present or is it just one of you?Dan Watt: only me data reports are easy to create though so the data reports are easy.Adnan Khan: Okay.Dan Watt: I mean, they're already templated now. Um, and if I present it,Adnan Khan: Okay.Dan Watt: I typically just add a couple of like case study slides in there, but they could be added into a report anyway. The value,Adnan Khan: Okay.Dan Watt: a lot of the value people pay for is the presenting.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Dan Watt: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: can be done.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and I've done it in the past. So yes, we'll need to workshop this a bit more in detail and figure out the exact mechanics of what that would look like. But really, what the problem that we're solving for is how do people get value without needing to hear from you, which means they need to trust the brand more and more importantly, they need to be able to justify spending five grand on their credit card or putting that through a PO uh through the higherups.  
00:44:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's that's the problem that we've got toDan Watt: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's to some extent.Hassaan Ahmad: solve.Dan Watt: Can we sell the rapport? But a lot of people still not many people put reports on credit cards and today they still need to want to create a um that that is the the only the limitation, isn't it? It's all well and good on paper thinking out loud. Yes, you could sell the same report 20 times, but a lot of people will need an interaction to facilitate the approval of PO.Hassaan Ahmad: That's what itDan Watt: Can you show me what can you show me what's in that report?Hassaan Ahmad: is.Dan Watt: Can you give me a detailed contents? That type of stuff. Can still beHassaan Ahmad: The the the other thing is a subscription. So I spent about 10 years selling rating products atDan Watt: aHassaan Ahmad: center pools and goodies. Pretty much similar thing, right? You're selling an opinion based on fact on the creditworthiness or whatever whatever the report is saying on something.  
00:45:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: There's a lot of value in that report itself because it's coming from your expertise and your opinion and so forth. People are willing to pay a certain amount of money for that. But when you throw in an analyst analyst's time and facetime in it, that's when it becomes exponentially more valuable to them. And ultimately there's two tiers of customers. One who just want to consume the report and two who want to feel good about consuming that report and you know feel more confident about the data and so forth. For the first ones, it helps if there is more. So 1k per report is good, but 1,000 per month for a report that you get on a monthly frequency, that's better. So you've got you've created a subscription which then makes it easier for them to justify the value.Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: In the world of subscriptions, 12 1k a month is not huge. Compare that to the value that they would get from it, it becomes a really easy sell. But a 5k one-off report becomes a harder conversation because it depends on  
00:46:31
 Dan Watt: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: who you're targeting. If it's a CRO who comes to that or you know had a product or chief product officer, you obviously have higher discretionary spend but nobody puts nobody can put in five grand on their credit card without having to justify that. That's just something that needs to happen.Adnan Khan: And I think like I'm conscious of time. Um,Dan Watt: Yeah.Adnan Khan: and I think this is a good example of like what a walled pilot would be. Like I think I think this is just one of the things we've we've discussed. Um, but once we sit to workshop more of this down, I'm I'm sure we can come up with two or three more pilots and then pick one. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: So,Adnan Khan: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: next to kind of loop that back to the pilot question,Dan Watt: Heat.Hassaan Ahmad: what we want to get to is what is it that we want to do? what kind of revenue do we want from it? Our opinion on is that achievable or not?  
00:47:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: And then we make a go or no go decision on that. Yeah. Um this is achievable by the way. It does require you doing thought leadership. That's the simplest way because when we put on ads from nutrition integrated and that shows up to someone who isn't familiar with nutrition integrated the trust factor is quite low and you've got to go through the whole process of building that trust with the brand with the logo and so forth. Whereas you've already got a good profile you're already on I think conferences and keynotes and so forth. You are whether you like it or not a thought leader in the industry. What that thought leadership looks like is we create the content for you which is very closely aligned with your voice as well as the voice of the company. All you need to do is spend maybe 30 minutes a week tweaking it to see if it sounds more like you and then we put it out there. The impact of that is, and it's funny you said the reports cost five grand because we've got a customer right now who we've spent 1,400 pounds so far in three months.  
00:48:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: So about we're on track to spend two grand a month. The guy's already closed 12 grand in revenue from that. Um, and that was entirely thought leadership because he was already someone that people knew and wanted to trust, but he just lacked that mechanism to scale that. So that's something that we would own entirely for you. All you would have to do is use your LinkedIn profile or whatever channel we select to put that message outDan Watt: Yeah, I mean just on the thought leadership,Hassaan Ahmad: there.Dan Watt: it's not that I don't want to be a thought leader. I love being a thought leader. Um it's more just being scalable that like it'sHassaan Ahmad: We can gate that. Yeah. So we can getDan Watt: it's about the scalability like yeah part of our part ofHassaan Ahmad: back.Dan Watt: our you part of our um uniqueness is an understanding of what we've created because we are thought leaders and of course what we say about it. We just need this to be sensible in terms of how all of this is scalable.  
00:49:44
 Dan Watt: you know, we don't there's only so many hours in the day and we don't want our revenue to be based on entirely based on me talking to people leveraging our thought leadership to underpin products that can be sold multiple times only 100% behind. So I guess maybe I needed to be clearer on that. um you know we should be using everything to our advantage um at least in this instance over time for a business we don't want to be so associated to being a singular founder thoughtAdnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: of course.Dan Watt: leader that generates everything for for all of those reasons but we shouldn't we shouldn't not leverage itHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: in the first instance to build the momentum of more customers more revenue to then of course you know desensitize the thought leadership of one individual versus the thought leadership of the IsHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I putAdnan Khan: And I think and I think it's worth it's worth a little bit like dissecting a bit of what that means,Hassaan Ahmad: itDan Watt: thisAdnan Khan: right?  
00:50:37
 Adnan Khan: Because I think Nick, what you're or at least what I'm understanding is you're assuming is going to take a whole bunch of your time. You're on LinkedIn the whole time and you're just responding to people, talking to people. I think from at least the way me and Hassan look at it is it's putting you as the face of the brand and then using you as a way to bring people in. I I don't think it it would it would be a case of like oh you have to be everywhere because now you're using thought leadership. It's just we using you brand you going to these conferences as lever. Though what we do sometimes see is like the person people can associate with they tend to trust that person more as opposedHassaan Ahmad: GoodAdnan Khan: to like immediately going for the brand. the path of like Nick and then going into your brand that is a stronger connection as opposed to going with the brand and then oh yeah Nick owns this brand like that and that's sort of how we're looking at it.  
00:51:25
 Adnan Khan: So it's more like are you comfortable with us making you LinkedIn famous? If that's okay then yeah that's that's a path we can explore.Dan Watt: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Since I'm conscious of time and we've moved away from kind of pitch to the design thing, which is great. It sounds like there's stuff that's interesting for you and definitely within ourDan Watt: What what what does the um what does the sort of the simpleHassaan Ahmad: capability.Dan Watt: framework of I know you've spoken to D about this but just for me in a nutshell what's the simple framework of a proposal that delivers a pilot? What what what is because I think there's a there's a there's a cost per month, there's a a cut on the sales and then there's a an agreed spend, right? So, but does that bit per month count includes an initial exploration workshop or the two hours etc. Like what how does the framework of proposal break down?Hassaan Ahmad: Great question. Thought you never asked. I've got a slide for that as well.  
00:52:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: Nick, you're gonna You didn't love me or hate me for my slides. But look, uh, this is what it looks like. I want you to ignore that for a bit because this is something we can work on it together. This answers your question on what that framework looks like. It's $999 a month that you pay directly to us. I recommend that you spend three grand or this is what you budget for LinkedIn or whatever channel it is. I think it's going to be LinkedIn. This goes directly into your media spending. And what we would do, it covers all of that. So the diagnostic that we talked about, the strategy, the positioning, the messaging, the setting up management of paid campaigns, you could even hook up to your CRM. So you have full accountability and tracking of what's coming from where, how's that progressing and so forth. So you would track that end to end and ultimately when you go for an exit, that's the kind of stuff an investor for investor would look for.  
00:53:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: The numbers that you're seeing on the right hand side are something that I have built off the back of the information I got from Dan on what potential ROI for you would look like. Makes a bunch of assumptions which we can work through. But just to walk you through the target kind of column, we've assumed that your average contract value is 10K. So if we change that to a report either at 5K or 1K depending on, you know, where we want to land, this whole thing would need to be redone. But what I'm trying to get to is if you bring in a customer at this value and it takes you three meetings to turn a customer into a qualified opportunity of which you close 50%. What does the ROI look like for you? I've added some cost metrics to this. So 999 to us three grand to add budget and 10K 10% on share which aligns our incentives with yours based on the 200k figure that you gave us. So, you want to track £50,000 additional revenue each quarter, which is 200,000 per year.  
00:54:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: You need to be getting based on my math and I can walk you through that at least nine more meetings or nine more SQLs a month. If you hit that number, this is what your ROI looks like in our target scenario, in a s*** scenario where you just fire us and what we have actually been delivering for customers. Okay, you can work through these numbers in a bit more detail if you want for high level. This is what the directionally this is what it looks like. Okay, but the headline number for you is if you wanted to do this with us, you pay us 1,000 and you budget 3,000 per month for three months for the media budget. So 12 grand all in is what you're spending on this pilot.Dan Watt: And how quickly do you get so it's three months? So it's three months of ad spend. Um you're paying the three months, but I suppose the question is is how quickly do we get to the point of spending of actually having a campaignHassaan Ahmad: H  
00:55:33
 Dan Watt: to to execute? So there's a there's a time lag between now the the creation. So I I suppose I'm only doing it thinking through even your lens like you've got you got a grand a month. It's just it's just that like the lag period between how long it takes to get up to speed. Three grand a month.Hassaan Ahmad: Maximum 10 working days. Yeah, we would try to get it in five,Dan Watt: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: but that depends on one us getting all the data from you. So, us doing a really good kickoff session. If we could do a really good kickoff session, spend two to three hours really understanding your business, understanding your customers, nailing down what we need to focus on, then we can take that time to develop the assets and so forth and we can go live in five with a guy that I was talking about. We went live in five days on the dot and he started seeing his meetings at week two. Yeah. So it can move really fast but you should keep in mind about 10 working days to campaign launch and then we go from  
00:56:33
 Dan Watt: and and and just so just yeah just in the last two minutes to then make sure you've all got two minutesHassaan Ahmad: there.Dan Watt: to breathe before the next thing. Um what's the mechanism for actually so that the campaign goes out what's the mechanism for capturing the leads? Like where are they going? What's what's the point? What where are we pointing them to? Is it just going to come to my LinkedIn? Is it going to go through registered here for like how does that physically mechanisticallyAdnan Khan: It would be a landing page. It could be a landing page.Dan Watt: work?Adnan Khan: It could be TBD.Hassaan Ahmad: TBD.Adnan Khan: It could be a calendar. Uh it could go to a CRM. I think that's the kind of detail we'll work out as well in the kickoff. Um but if we if we have to build a landing page to get people in, that's also fine. We can do that. That's all worked into the into the  
00:57:18
 Dan Watt: It could be it could be multiple things.Adnan Khan: price.Dan Watt: We'll just choose the right way. So whatever the campaign is, it'll be super directional to say if you're interested, click here. Wherever that click takes you,Adnan Khan: Yeah.Dan Watt: then it takes you somewhere where we'll capture the information and we'll register the ability to follow up and get them. And then we are in of taking that through the funnel process,Adnan Khan: Yeah.Dan Watt: which is fine,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: And and the reason I think we're being like high level and fluffy about this is because we don't need to worry about like who's going to doDan Watt: normal.Adnan Khan: what. We do all of this in house. So it depends on where we end up with the workshop. We can basically architect the system in any way we want cuz we own own the whole stack, right? So hence hence I think that's why we're feeling confident about like we can point it to anywhere ultimately depends on like what a good closing process would be for all of it.  
00:58:03
 Dan Watt: And sorry just I have got one more question.Adnan Khan: Go for it.Dan Watt: Has any on any particular project where it's not worked and you can say it's never not worked. Why did it notHassaan Ahmad: It's a great question.Dan Watt: work?Hassaan Ahmad: Um there have been well there have been more than one instance where it hasn't worked. The one thing one place where it didn't work was because once well two one was the client ran out of budget. So he was trying to generate demand for a very for a product that was a copy of products that were better funded and longer standing in the market. That was a client named Creative Genie, which was a creator of AI. Well, it could generate AI campaigns and run it themselves. But that's a market where people are getting $80 million funding, $20 million funding, and so forth. So, he had a limited budget and there were multiple angles. We just couldn't get to the right angle fast enough um before his budget ran out.  
00:59:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, that was a bit of learning opportunity for us and for him. The other place where it didn't work was also where they were trying to create a market where none existed. Yeah, our hit rate for where a market exists already and you have the case studies to prove it is exceptional. Where it is a matter of creating a market, this model doesn't work. You need a longer term commitment to make that happen.Dan Watt: Okay, that makesHassaan Ahmad: Nick, I know we're running out of time, but this was a good conversation.Dan Watt: sense.Hassaan Ahmad: We've enjoyed it. It feels like there's quite a bit of alignment in what you want and what we can deliver. What would you want to do next? What does the next step look like forDan Watt: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: you?Dan Watt: Dan and I will catch up uh later today. Um, tomorrow's a bit busy and I'm on holiday next week. So, it be the 20th. So, we can just follow up and say yes, we'd like to do something or no, we don't or we're going to park it, whatever the answer is.  
01:00:11
 Dan Watt: But, I think we should be committing to confirming that uh early in that on the Monday,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dan Watt: Tuesday, Wednesday of thatHassaan Ahmad: All right. Two things.Dan Watt: week.Hassaan Ahmad: One is I would love to get something in the diary for that week just so we have a point to catch up. We can move it if you want to. Do you have your calendar and we can book that in now?Dan Watt: Yeah. Um, are you going to the commentary? Yeah. Are you booked in? Do you know what you're doing? I don't know which day I'm going to go yet. How about we do um let's just do the let's just do Monday the 20th. It's fine. Uh, no, no.Hassaan Ahmad: YouDan Watt: Let's actually No, because it'll be too because let's do um let's assume Dan goes toHassaan Ahmad: okay?Dan Watt: that. Um, I'll tell you what, let's do let's do um 3:00 on the Wednesday. 3 o'clock on the Wednesday if that works for you.  
01:01:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Dan Watt: And then that gives you the flexibility to go to show.Hassaan Ahmad: that's fine. I'll put that in and I'll share an invite with you. But while I have you here, based on what you've heard, is there anything that is still a question mark that would want you not to move forward with us orDan Watt: One one question, one um question we discussed about, you know, the assets you create and this you know campaigns everything if it if it's working and then if it's getting some money and then we switch it off is that oh then Then everything stops and you lost it.Hassaan Ahmad: It's yours.Dan Watt: You know what doHassaan Ahmad: It's yours. Everything we do will belong to you. The accounts that we use will be yours from day one.Dan Watt: weHassaan Ahmad: So you cannot pay us after month one literally and you still get to keep it. Obviously we hope that that doesn't happen but everything we build is yours. So you're not renting anything. You're investing in a capability.  
01:02:12
 Dan Watt: cool? Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Is it premature to say we should just do a kickoff on Wednesday when you come back and you can tell us if you don't want to do it.Dan Watt: I mean, it's in a diary, so I I don't It's in the meetings in the diary. we can frame it as whether it's a catch up to discuss what's next or what's not next or whether it's a kickoff and we'll let you know if we have an epiphany before the week's out.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Well, a kickoff would need to be two hours, so we need to commit to that.Dan Watt: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dan Watt: AllHassaan Ahmad: Look, why don't you guys catch up later today and then Dan,Dan Watt: right.Hassaan Ahmad: if you can drop me an email at the end of the day on whether you would you have questions that you still want to discuss or how we directionally align that you would want to look at a statement of work.Dan Watt: Yeah. Yeah. We'll see what Yeah. See what man. Good. Thanks, guys.  
Transcription ended after 01:03:45

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
