---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Remotir/Faster.Ai - GTM Infrastructure – 2025/06/20 18:58 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:39:24.671Z
meeting_date: 2025-06-20T18:33:32.222Z
---


Remotir/Faster.Ai - GTM Infrastructure - Transcript
00:00:00
 Matt Honig: Hey Hassan,Hassaan Ahmad: Hey Matt, how's it going?Matt Honig: it's going well. Happy Friday.Hassaan Ahmad: Happy Friday to you as well.Matt Honig: HowHassaan Ahmad: You'reMatt Honig: are you doing?Hassaan Ahmad: really good. So, I'm based in London and it's end of day for us. So, it's about 700Matt Honig: AlmostHassaan Ahmad: p.m.Matt Honig: time to hit the pub.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. Right. Couldn't be happier. And it'sMatt Honig: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: been a really warm week. So, the pub sounds amazing.Matt Honig: man. We'll have one for me.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll do. How about yourself? You're in LA, right?Matt Honig: Yep. Life's good. We uh we did uh we did have a day off yesterday, which was nice for Junth. Kind of a a newer national holiday.Hassaan Ahmad: SoundsMatt Honig: So, kind of a truncated week, but uh yeah, I've been really busy. A lot of good meetings, moving some deals along, and uh ready for the weekend as well.  
00:02:05
 Matt Honig: I'm definitely going to be hitting the pub. So, going to a brewery for a buddy's party, celebrate his uh him getting his NBA tomorrow. So, we're looking forward to that.Hassaan Ahmad: lovely. Is that more of a craft beer kind of scene?Matt Honig: Yeah, craftHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Matt Honig: beer,Hassaan Ahmad: Nice.Matt Honig: some IPAs. You know, those things, they just they really sit in me though. Can't have too many.Hassaan Ahmad: It's a good thing that uh it's a two-day weekend then. You know, you've got two days to recover.Matt Honig: Amen to that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, mate. So, um Cool. So, any any other plans for the weekend or uh just thatMatt Honig: seeing the parents on Sunday. That'll be good. Other than that, just kicking it.Hassaan Ahmad: amazing goodMatt Honig: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: stuff. Good stuff. Is he still going to join us today?Matt Honig: Uh let me message him. We can always Sometimes he's a little late.  
00:02:55
 Matt Honig: We can always get started. Uh let's see here. Let's see. Was on the invite. The updated invite.Hassaan Ahmad: He was and he has accepted it.Matt Honig: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Matt Honig: I just sent him a message.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Matt Honig: We can get started. He's got his notetaker going, too.Hassaan Ahmad: ThisMatt Honig: Yeah. So, he wanted me to uh Oh, here he is. Hey, Cecil.Cecil Plummer: Sorry. Sorry. Yeah. Sorry about that, fellas. I was uh I was just in the zone. I was heads down. Fingers fingers of fire on the keyboard and I was like, "Oh my gosh." You know,Matt Honig: VeryHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Well, you know that's that's when you know that the uh work was good when you don't know when when you lose track of time.Cecil Plummer: for sure.Matt Honig: true.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, good to have you here. So, Matt, I think you were you were saying something  
00:04:07
 Matt Honig: Yeah. So, really, we're just looking for uh ways to ramp up our our marketing and sales pipeline buildings building effort. Uh that that's the main point of the meeting today. And we've been taking a number of meetings like this, meeting with a few different firms. So, we're open books, you know, we want to hear what you guys have to offer. And you can ask us anythingHassaan Ahmad: Sounds good. All right. Well, let me start off with a really quick introduction, right? I'd love a bit from you as well, although I've looked at your LinkedIn. So, I have a little bit of an understanding of where you guys coming from and what is it that you guys do. But I've earmarked about 30 minutes for this. And what I want to do is um well one really understand what's driving that right so what is it that you're trying to accomplish what kind of KPIs you've established what are the road blockers today and what is success look like right there's any alignment oh sorry I'll share a little bit about what we do as well there's any alignment then we can figure out what the next step is likely  
00:05:06
 Matt Honig: SoundsHassaan Ahmad: to beMatt Honig: good.Hassaan Ahmad: amazing so I'm Hassan I run sales for remote here I'm the co-founder as well and uh I look after the revenue side of things. So been in sales about 15 years uh predominantly with large B2B enterprise um professionally. So I've done about six and a half years at Standard and Pors and some at Moody's. Now I'm selling software. But between that I've done quite a bit of other things as well. So I've launched B2C companies. I've launched like e-commerce stores. Um I'm scaling uh a meat vendor as well. We've scaled that to be some one of the largest in the city there that it is. And in doing that, I'm asked quite a bit of network that of like-minded individuals that know quite a bit about how to scale businesses of all sizes. How to take a $1 million business and take it to five or how to take a zero business and take it to the 10KMR side of things.Matt Honig: Sure.  
00:06:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, that's what we do, right? Um, it's a broad suite of offering, but before I get into that, I'd love to learn a bit more about you, Matt, and Cecil. Perhaps we can start with you, Matt.Matt Honig: So, I'm the the head of sales here at Faster AI. I've been with the organization for three years. Had some nice growth during that period, but we're still more or less a bootstrap startup. Um what our uh what what our tech does is it sits within your applicant tracking system. How familiar are you with the the recruiting world Assan andHassaan Ahmad: pretty.Matt Honig: just kind of the vocab. Okay. So yeah, if I I say a word and you don't know what it means, just let me know. So we sit inside your applicant tracking system and say you're a recruiter or a talent acquisition professional. The moment you go live with a job, we start matching for you. We do three kinds of matching. We uh help you sort through all your incoming candidates.  
00:06:59
 Matt Honig: So we stack rank them hot, warm, and cold based on how well their resume fits with the job description. So obviously that helps recruiters and TA teams cut through thousands upon thousands of applicants because they're getting slammed with applicants these days. Number two, we help you rediscover talent from within your database. So,Cecil Plummer: What's up?Matt Honig: say you post a job. Chances are if you're a recruiter, the first thing you're going to do is hit LinkedIn and start sourcing. Why would you do that when you're already sitting on a really nice nest egg of qualified candidates that have already stated their interest in working for your company and they could be a good fit for this role. So, we bubble up those qualified candidates to the top of the list for you so you can start screening them right away. A on our clients have told us that we've been able to help them reduce the time to submitt from days to hours. You get same day submitts with us to the hiring manager. And finally, we also do external sourcing.  
00:08:02
 Matt Honig: So,Cecil Plummer: Thank you.Matt Honig: we give you access to millions upon millions of publicly facing LinkedIn and Indeed profiles from within your ATS. People that haven't applied to a job yet at your company. These people are outside of your system. So that can help you cut down dramatically on LinkedIn licenses. So 360°ree matching from within your ATS. The algorithm is wholly ourHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Matt Honig: own. It's proprietary. It's not chat GBT or anything like that. It's our own secret sauce.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, that sounds uh incredible and I could tell by some of the logos on your website that you've had some really good wins, especially in uh the medical sector where I imagine the uh theMatt Honig: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: body that they must need to go through is intense.Matt Honig: And yeah, and that's just a smattering of who we have, too. There are some that we can't uh that we're under NDA with that are even bigger. So, yeah, we're we're excited about where we're at.  
00:08:57
 Hassaan Ahmad: Sounds good. I've got a bunch of questions, but let's uh I'd love to hear about CES as well. CE amazing profile by the way on LinkedIn. Um so keen to hear from you.Cecil Plummer: Oh, well, um, you know, Matt pretty much said it all about the company. I think it's more about the company than than about me, but um um I don't know what else to to tell you, you know. So, it's been about a year and a half for me with uh faster AI and it's been a great opportunity to learn a lot. Uh we believe we've um when we can get in front of the right people that um you know they're impressed with the product and so our our real challenge is cutting through the noise and being able to get the exposure that we require. Um you know from the from the right people. I I think one of the challenges that we have is our our well not just the length of our sales cycle but it's almost like we have two key stakeholders um and in some cases three um there's the the actual practitioners so the head of talent acquisition the directors of title and acquisitions and the TA ops people who actually you know manage these operations We need to get them on board, but it's also but we we  
00:10:23
 Cecil Plummer: have trouble reaching and getting exposure to the actual decision makers. It seems like everybody we talk to has to run and get permission from someone elseMatt Honig: ThisCecil Plummer: to actually make the the decision to buy. Um and so getting to that CHRO or whoever is holding the purse strings, that VP of HR has been difficult to get that exposure. And then on the other end side, some of the companies depending on how they're structured, the chief technology officer is actually the one who owns the budget and has um a significant influence over what gets added to the technology stack. And so I think those last two um areas are you know the ones that we have the most difficult or we have not been able to to reach those last two and then for the first group and the primary group I think the biggest issue is cutting through the noise because you know there's AI for recruiting applications falling from the sky and getting them to pay attention to someone like us, even though we have a significant advantage to offer over the bigger marketing budgets that some of the other competitors have is is a is a challenge.  
00:11:44
 Cecil Plummer: So, um I don't know if that's what you wanted to know about me, but that's what's top of mind for me.Hassaan Ahmad: That's that's really good. Uh good. And um it's not too different from what I'm seeing in other SAS enterprises, especially those that plug into some of the core core systems like your HRIS and so forth. Right. Um I want to double click on why you feel you're getting or why you're having the trouble in getting in front of those people. Right. So you mentioned for the first group they whom I would call the product champions those who like your product who are going to use your products and so forth they the issue is just volume. It's getting their attention. ButMatt Honig: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: what about the other two?Cecil Plummer: I think it's I mean it's budget uh honestly it's just uh it's budget I I see our competitors u buying their way into those spaces um and um you know we don't have the the budget to compete with them um at least that's you know and then the other side of that is, you know, partnerships is a key.  
00:12:52
 Cecil Plummer: Um, the majority of our leads come from our referrals that come from one of the um leaders in the talent acquisition space, a company called Greenhouse. And so their AEES refer um you know their partnerships page and their AES send us the most referrals. You know, that's where most of our business comes from. And um you know many other similar organizations don't want to like we don't it's a chicken and an egg. They said we're happy to partner with you after you get x number of clients on board right and so you know but then getting the exposure so that we can obtain that x number of clients is the has been the trick.Hassaan Ahmad: And and what is the number of clients that you have today?Cecil Plummer: It's usually around 25. It's usually around 25 is what they want to see.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. But how many do you have today?Cecil Plummer: Um, Matt, how would you put the count? Would it be seven or eight?Matt Honig: We're about eight. Pushing 10.  
00:14:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, good product market fit and the fact that you have a relationship with greenhouse that's amazing, right? Greenhouse is one of the big ones in the industry. So, how did that relationship materialize?Matt Honig: really it was a few years ago when we were just getting started we had some sort of partnership contract with them but there wasn't too much happening with it when I came on board back in 2022 we made a really big push over there we had one someone that was really embedded and respected within that organization and she essentially acted as our evangelist and then word got out, we started uh doing group demo sessions with them and bringing on more clients from Greenhouse and so it was just kind of an organic process there. Now we also do especially lately our outbound volume has uh has been paying off um and we've been getting more meetings and demos from that because we've made some exciting changes. Um, it also might just be, you know, the way things are in the market. Maybe people are more apt to take a look these days as opposed to earlier in the year when people were scared, didn't really know what the hell was going on with the market.  
00:15:24
 Matt Honig: Um, but still though, we just really need to scale up that number of demos we're getting per week. You know, we have, if you include Cecil, we have three full-time sales reps, and I'd like to be at a point where each of us are booking and running a demo per day. So 15 demos booked, 15 ran per week.Hassaan Ahmad: What's your ICP? As in, what kind of companies are you targeting?Matt Honig: Companies with ideally we can go as low as 500 but you know ideally they're over a thousand people thousand and above and we're industry agnostic. Tech has really been our bread and butter. Most of our companies have a tech bent whether it's biotech work with a law enforcement technology company an insurance company that's very techheavy too but we work with manufacturing can easily work with a manufacturing organization um corporate white collar jobs do tend to be more more bread and butter than say you know cashier or fryHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. Um, so that that's volume and that's I understand where you want to go with that.  
00:16:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: How many sellers do you anticipate having or do you want to wrap up to by the end of the year?Matt Honig: We're not going to It's going to be three at the end of the year still. We're not hiring any other sellers unless there's something I don't know about Cecil, but I don't think I think it's just going to be the the trio here.Cecil Plummer: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Cecil Plummer: we're we are looking hard at um AISDRs. So, we're taking aMatt Honig: That'sCecil Plummer: look at AISDRsMatt Honig: true.Cecil Plummer: and um um we've been getting good traction also with um our intern using that kind of hey I'm a college student angle to get folks to respond and convert to meetings.Matt Honig: Yeah.Cecil Plummer: And so we are also looking hard at um you know replacing him when he goes back to school or convincing him toMatt Honig: stayCecil Plummer: at leastMatt Honig: on part time. Yeah, he's reallyHassaan Ahmad: All right.Matt Honig: good and it's kind of nuts. He's just made a huge D. He's been with us for a month and he's already he's already had six meetings.  
00:17:49
 Matt Honig: He's just telling me today and a good portion of those are converting to demos and uh yeah, he's just doing great.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. So, where exactly are you looking for help? Is that to ramp up or or on board an off show seller or are you just looking for leads? Like what what exactly is the ask?Matt Honig: more qualified leads by any means necessary.Cecil Plummer: Yeah, more qualified leads by any means necessary. Um, and just frankly, I'm, you know, tell you, we just haven't, or Matt, you can correct me if you're wrong. You know, um, just haven't found one that is, uh, company that's, you know, affordable, either affordable, um, or that, you know, frankly, doesn't have. We haven't seen anybody who had, you know, it's almost like, you know, pay and pray forMatt Honig: Yeah.Cecil Plummer: for results as opposed to companies that are qual, you know, confident enough to say, "Hey, we're going to get you these results." And we, you know, and and we'll get, you know, maybe x amount up front, but we're going to get paid, you know, based on our results.  
00:19:00
 Cecil Plummer: We just haven't seen it. And so it's just like our our you know um our board and our founders haven't you know haven't been you know very encouraged to say you know just be a just throw out cash and pray that they're telling us the truth kind of a thing and that somethingMatt Honig: Yeah,Cecil Plummer: will something will happen. And so that's been the challenge in front of us.Matt Honig: we've been burned by the past by similar companies too. Even before I got here three years ago, there were, you know, I know they had tried certain marketing companies and agencies and it didn't pan out.Hassaan Ahmad: And why do you think that isMatt Honig: I don't know, maybe they didn't have an understanding of what we did or a good enough grip on the the talent acquisition technology marketplace. You know, maybe there was some misrepresent misrepresentation. I just thinkCecil Plummer: Yeah,Matt Honig: it's it'sCecil Plummer: I'd sayMatt Honig: a toughCecil Plummer: IMatt Honig: practice.Cecil Plummer: didn't know that's a that's a tough question to answer again  
00:19:56
 Matt Honig: Yeah.Cecil Plummer: because when we get in front of the right people, the response to our product is very very good. So, I I don't think we can answer that question otherMatt Honig: Yeah.Cecil Plummer: other than perhaps um maybe they're not as good as they claim to be, you know, becauseMatt Honig: Right.Cecil Plummer: when we get with folks, you know, when we get in front of the right people, they're like, "This is amazing." So, um you know, um so I don't know. perhaps u the messaging um I guess that's the only thing that I can come up with is we have something that's very unique but how do you convey that in this you know online marketing world where you have people's attention for a second and a half before they click to the next Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Right Um okay so well this is helpful and I'm conscious of time you see so I just want to tell you a little bit about what we do right just to see if there is any alarm right probably going to turn you off by saying that I'm not or is not one of those companies that is going to say hey we're going to do this for you and then you know you would pay us for the results right and let me qualify why that is the case.  
00:21:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: I mentioned previously that you know I this company is built with a network of people who have deep expertise in scaling businesses right of those people one is me right I've spent 15 years launching new business launching into new markets and so forth right different things which means that it has given me the ability to understand the products and refine the messaging based on that product so I've gone from advisory to software to babies toys and stuff like that to everything. That'sCecil Plummer: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: one. The other thing is, and you've hit the point head on, in order to run good marketing campaigns, you need to have messaging that resonates with the right persona, right? And that there's two elements to that. The first one are the words or the copy itself. The second thing is how it's presented or how it's surfaced to the customers, right? And that is a design problem in our mind, right? And so the way we approach this is that your landing page should be something that a 10year-old reads and they are able to then repeat or read back to you exactly what is it that you do and why you do it.  
00:22:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? So in other words, it needs to answer the question, why faster, right? And why not anything else? That's something that a lot of companies miss because they if you think about it, it's it's an intersection of functional expertise and design expertise, right? So you need the selling brain and a design brain to make that happen. Yeah. So that's what we have. Now on the design side um my co-founder is a staff designer was a staff designer at Meta right so he's coming from that fang pedigreeMatt Honig: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: that enables him to really understand design and I'm going to sh I can share some of the websites that we've built right so we built recently that will show you exactly what kind of landing pages we can build right now that is that is stuff that we do in terms of the core offer or what or how we deliver the leads. I'm going to put up just one slide that I think summarizes it really well. So, let me know if you can see my screen.  
00:23:52
 Cecil Plummer: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So,Matt Honig: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: this the remote offer so to speak, right? I'm just going to present this one slide and we can go through the rest of the deck if you feel that that's going to be aligned to what is it that you want. But we start off with the revenue strategy or actually I think the better slide for you is this one.Cecil Plummer: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. When we start a project, our first thing the first thing that we do is interview existing customers. And if there are no customers, put the product on product hunt, put it on G2, get some real life feedback, right, from people who will use that product and tell you why your product is different, right? So, exactly what you said, when you're in front of the right people, they love it, right? Want to understand why they love it. get the right words from them and then rebuild your messaging around that ICP, around the key value points that they've seen, what differentiators they've seen, and the key outcomes that they've experienced, right?  
00:24:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: You have a lot of that information already on your website, by the way, right? So, it may be just a matter of rejecting it and making sure that it works, right? But ultimately, what that allows us to do is redesign the landing page to focus on the exact problem, right? And the problem is there's too much volume out there. AI is mudding the water more. I actually came across this post before I started this call where somebody has built an AI resume tool that is helping them achieve 100% ATS match. That's a problem. The solution to that is fight fire with fire, right? an AI companion that allows you to cut through that noise, surface the right insights, match you with candidates faster so that your time to recruit or time to ramp is quicker. Right? Finding the right candidates that are staying with you longer term that are motivated etc etc. Right? So problem solution and then how you problem impact and how you do once we get that information we then use that to build a B2B motion.  
00:25:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? Now I typically install my own seller right. It's my own SDR who I can wrap up on that messaging, pair them with the landing page and in some cases we do the ads as well. So in the first couple of months we will invest the money that we take from you back into the ads right in order to make sure that the message resonates and um it hits the spot right so you it it generates the right interest for you. We'll do that for a couple of months and if that works then we'll come to you and we'll tell you hey based on the test that we've done or based on the project that we've run and based on the 34 thousand that we've spent your cost per click or your cost per meeting is X. Therefore, if you continue to spend this money, you can get the 10 meetings per week or something like that. If you're not willing to spend that or invest that ad spend, at least we would have tested the messaging and we would have proven that that messaging resonates, right?  
00:26:57
 Hassaan Ahmad: And so the SDR would have a pitch and playbook that they can write that they can repeat. And by the way, your own team can use that as well. So that would be a deliverable that you would get within the first month. We can look into your sales process. We'll make sure it's brilliant anyway. But you made a point about longer sales cycles. we can provide some insights into what are some of the things that you can do to standardize the sales process, productize some of your demos and accelerate some of that um deal time or the uh cycle that you have and then we go into phase three which is where we accelerate right so we leverage the revenue that we make invest into more B2B campaigns target more clients invest into more resources and so forth is that aligned or does that sound like something that could help you achieve the targets that you set out.Cecil Plummer: All I I think if we knew the answer to that question, we wouldn't be having this conversation.  
00:27:56
 Matt Honig: It's very true.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry.Matt Honig: If we knew the answer to that question, we wouldn't be gathered here today. OfHassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, so that's what I do, right? Um I'm not going to do that for free, obviously,Matt Honig: courseHassaan Ahmad: right?Matt Honig: not. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, but what I can do is I can invest 50% of whatever. So, our typical package is priced at $3,000 per month plus 15% revenue share, right? You get all of this for $3,000, right? And for the first couple of months, well, for the first month, I would invest 50% of that back into ad campaigns. For the second month, I would invest a third of that into ad campaigns to prove that messaging, to test it, to get the right ICP, etc., etc. And then by the end of month two, you would have a seller or an SDR that's fully ramped up and generating meetings for you and a messaging that has been validated, which all of you sellers can take and use it to their advantage.  
00:29:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: And then after that, if you want us to run ads, we do that for you. If you don't want us to run ads, that's fine. Our SDR will continue running with that messaging and we'll continue refining that to make sure that every single piece of insight that we get from sales meetings gets adjusted and we're continuously improving upon that.Matt Honig: SoCecil Plummer: Okay.Matt Honig: it's an external SDR and marketing.Hassaan Ahmad: Correct.Cecil Plummer: Mhm.Matt Honig: Do we have any access to the SDR? Like are we able to coach them, train them, or is it allHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah.Matt Honig: okay?Cecil Plummer: So, here's here's what I would like to do in order to try to get um you know, an an approval from the board is and and you know, it's just what I think we need to do. And so, Hassan, you need to let me know if you're willing to do that. So, what I think we need to do is I would like this meeting to happen with um John Baglio, the head of our marketing team, and have him hear what  
00:30:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Cecil Plummer: you have to say so that it's not just coming from me, that it's also coming from him.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Cecil Plummer: And that would give us a I think a better chance at um you know because you know we're not the marketing experts and uh I think that would give us put us in a position if we have him also telling our management team that hey our you know our our board this is a good deal. this is this is uh you know he's he's his approach is solid and he's also giving us a more than fair deal. I think we have a bigger chance to get this approved. So that's that's what I think our next step should be. Um I don't know how soon we can make that happen. I don't even know if they're working today. Matt, do you know?Matt Honig: I don't They should be working today. I mean, we hadCecil Plummer: Well,Matt Honig: yesterday off, butCecil Plummer: yeah, yesterday was a holiday, but you know how some people take extra days  
00:30:58
 Matt Honig: yeah,Cecil Plummer: or let me um let me send a quick text like if if are you available again today, Hassan, if we needed you?Matt Honig: he'sHassaan Ahmad: today.Matt Honig: in London.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm I'm in London, so it's 7:30Cecil Plummer: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: p.m.Cecil Plummer: no,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Cecil Plummer: never mind. So, uh Monday or Tuesday? Hold on.Hassaan Ahmad: UhCecil Plummer: Let me justHassaan Ahmad: Monday or Tuesday is reasonable. I would also want my partner who runs some of the design side of things to be on that meeting just so he can talk through um you know his approach and so forth. I think that would make for a good session.Cecil Plummer: I I agree. So, let's do this. So, let's do this. Um, rather than, you know, me texting John and all that. Um, Hosan, um, my Monday and Tuesday, I've already looked at it, are fairly open. UmHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Cecil Plummer: I think would you go um actually let me pop up my calendar real quick and maybe we can um let's see Monday we have a regularly scheduled um call at 9:30 a.m. Pacific time Pacific time.  
00:32:06
 Cecil Plummer: So I need to translate that into London time.Hassaan Ahmad: doing it now. Um 5:30. Okay.Cecil Plummer: Can you guys do that on Monday because weHassaan Ahmad: UmCecil Plummer: already have a meeting with them and we can just wrap this together.Hassaan Ahmad: potentially. Yes. Let's pencil that in. Let's hold that slot. Um, I need to check with my partner and make sure that he's available. So, how about I send you guys an email in about three hours time and confirmCecil Plummer: Perfect.Hassaan Ahmad: that. Yeah.Cecil Plummer: That's good.Hassaan Ahmad: So, 9:30 to let's make it an hour. I think that wouldCecil Plummer: Agreed.Hassaan Ahmad: make for conversation.Cecil Plummer: Agreed.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Cecil Plummer: All right. So, as soon as we hear from you, we'll we can make that adjustment on our side.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Sounds good. Um, so leave that with me, Cecil.Cecil Plummer: Awesome.Matt Honig: Thanks, Assan.Cecil Plummer: Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate your time today.Matt Honig: Yeah, me too, man.  
Transcription ended after 00:33:25

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
