---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Mike x Remotir  – 2025/10/30 13:00 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:09.290Z
meeting_date: 2025-10-30T13:29:56.407Z
---


Mike x Remotir  - Transcript
00:00:00
 Mike Newman: Hassan, how are you? I can't hear you. Um, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Now you should be no worries at all.Mike Newman: How you doing? Sorry, I was just just back from my run. Sorry about that. Couple of minutes late. So, how's things?Hassaan Ahmad: How's it run?Mike Newman: Uh, yeah. So, okay. All right. So, just uh just trying to get back into a bit more consistency after the I did the the half marathon earlier this month in Glasgow.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Mike Newman: So, and then kind of was a bit less consistent. So, I'm trying to get back up to kind of at least three three runs a week basically. So, uh, well, that that was I did just did 8K there just to just try try and do like a couple of 8Ks during the week and then a longer distance run at the weekend kind of thing.Hassaan Ahmad: What do you do? Like 5K is what? Yeah, I'm good.Mike Newman: So, keeps me ticking over.  
00:01:15
 Mike Newman: So, how are you you okay?Hassaan Ahmad: How are you feeling after last week?Mike Newman: Oh, night completely different. It was uh it was hor really horrific and but um but yeah, it would all it was all done. I mean there were uh the worst of it was over by the end of Tuesday and then by Wednesday I still wasn't I wasn't quite firing in all cylinders but by Thursday I was 100%. So can't can't complain, you know.Hassaan Ahmad: It's good. Yeah. Amazing.Mike Newman: So So yeah, right. So look I know you last time we spoke, right? I was trying to clarify about the percentage how much would be spent on ads and I think what I hadn't appreciated was that in month I think the way that I'd interpreted the the early messaging and what was said and the reason well what I basically thought was that the fee would cover ad spend as well and what I and that's why I thought I would be more than happy to do an increased revenue share and increase it to 10%.  
00:02:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: Because I thought actually, you know, that's to me that's you putting your money where your mouth is and and basically it's a shared risk, shared reward and all that sort of stuff. So I think I, you know, it's it's less appealing now as I just as I think it through. And I think for you know the one one thing and do doing it that way where we spend the adverts and and you do you know you help us with the messaging positioning the landing pages all that sort of stuff. I think that's okay. I think I'm just worried about getting into like a three month contract with another two months where I just I'm not clear on what incremental value is going to come out of it. And uh and that's just me putting my cards on the table basically. SoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, look that's fair. So the first point was around, you know, us putting some money in as opposed to the money coming out of your pocket, so to speak. So what we discussed last week is essentially the same thing but a bit more transparent in the sense that so if you think about the three-month engagement you were going to pay us 3,000 per month of which we were going to invest 3,000 into the campaigns we would have netted or grossed 6,000 correct.  
00:03:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: So now what we've done is we've just said, "Hey, you pay us 6,000, right? But the ad spend is going to be on you, right?" So we're in a way we're still kind of putting our money putting our money where our mouths are by reducing the take. Yeah. And that's just going to motivate us to work harder because now we're making the same amount of money as we were originally, right?Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: There's clarity and the revenue share is why we do it anyway, right? because two grand you're running a business, you know, two grand doesn't really do anything. So, the ref share is where it's at. Um, from the conversation we had last week, it felt that, you know, we that was a more transparent way and easier to show.Mike Newman: I and I think I think I am h I'm happy with that for one month. I think what's making me anxious is what happens beyond that and the and the additional value that's realized you know that we we gain from our continued investment if that makes sense.  
00:04:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Yeah. So the way it works, Mike, is the first month is think of that as you setting the foundations, right? It requires So we're going to need to rethink the messaging, define a narrative, come up with an offer and so forth. That's the initial work that that needs to be done. Yeah.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. After that in month two what starts happening is we go from a theoretical mode into more of a practical mode where we take whatever we've developed and we go into putting that in practice. Right? So developing creatives, setting your ad campaign, launching that ad campaign, monitoring it, making sure that the quality is there and so forth. So that requires a lot of hands-on work that needs to be done. you've ran campaigns before, you know that the algorithms take a couple of weeks to warm up anyway. There's a bit of tinkering around and so forth. And what I'm doing in that month is putting a very experienced person who runs budgets of, you know, 50, 60, 70,000 a month on on that, right?  
00:06:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, he's going to be very hands-on. He's going to be looking at it daily. He's going to be optimizing it daily and so forth. Yeah, that is most of the second month because you've really got to give the campaign two to three weeks ready for it to start generating the data and feed it back. As far as the value after that is concerned, that's when we start using the data that we're getting to figure out where do we go from here? Yeah, what does that mean? So to give you fusible example our initial so the guidance from Nick was hey general councils or the legal teams is where we're seeing traction like great the first page he really wanted to do um legal first so we did that first in your case you have pointed us to accounting firms as a potential place to start as we launched the campaign what we started seeing was there was a lot of finance people who were also interested in the data Right. So then the second thing that we did and that was covered by the retainer doesn't didn't involve anything else was launch a parallel test campaign for finance which actually started performing better than LEO because that's where most of the interest was and now what we're doing so we're in month kind of four  
00:07:23
 Mike Newman: Yeah. So, sorry, can you just give me one second? Sorry, I just need to take this. So, Oh, hi. Sorry. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: No, no worries. So, yeah. So, in month three, now we're at the fourth persona with them, right? So, we've done legal, we've done finance, we did um tax, and now we're looking at fund administrators, right? It's just a matter of developing. So after month one to answer your question on where the value is the value is going beyond the initial use case or initial you know um target market so I think I mentioned that in the in the agreementMike Newman: Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: if I haven't I can do that it's we do multiple personas right and we would again do the entire effort for all of those personas we would come up with the messaging come up with the landing page come up with the creatives and based on where or how we're seeing the spend and where the money is coming from, right?  
00:08:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: We would allocate to make sure that we are going to the market in a very kind of broad comprehensive way. We're not boxing ourselves with one message or one industry or one persona.Mike Newman: AllHassaan Ahmad: It's finding where the best opportunity is and giving you the best chance of succeeding with the right messaging and the right execution and then executing with it. Yeah.Mike Newman: right.Hassaan Ahmad: So, and and that's that's basically what the value is. So after three months if you wish to continue we would continue looking at more personas. We talked about more markets for example each market is going to require a little bit different approach. So the US or let's say I don't know accounting firms in the US might require a different messaging simply because of their scale right as opposed to an accounting firm in Sweden for example.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, it's all of those things that need to happen and that requires continuous effort, continuous work, and continuous execution, which we would do on a week-by-eek basis.Mike Newman: Yeah.  
00:09:39
 Mike Newman: Okay. No, I understand that. I guess that you know my you know I'm think my concern that you know is what you know what if we are like if we haven't if we don't if we don't get any leads out of this you know that's the I mean the whole the reason for doing it is to generate leads you know and that we that are SQLs essentially for us and that have potential for us to nurture and convert into sales. It's you know that is that's the big worry is that we don't you know we end up getting three months into this and it's well we just need to optimize a bit more and we need to do this a bit more and you know yet we know we have you know we haven't got any leads yet but I I think that's where I'm that's where my anxiety is.Hassaan Ahmad: And and that's a fair one as well. Um in your case, Mike, your problem or my one login problem is a demand capture one rather than a demand generation one.  
00:10:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, your solution is pretty intuitive in the sense that you know people need identity management. You know, people need a software and people are if not already in the market, they're probably at a point where they're aware of a problem where they're aware of the consequences of not solving that problem. So, it's an easier problem to solve in the sense that we're not generating new demand. We're not educating people. We're just telling them, I want login a great solution.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Look at the great case studies we have, etc., etc., and bringing them in. Yeah. What that means is your results should be faster and your cost per lead should be lower. Yeah.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: The only way to validate that is by going into the market and throwing the net out, right? You can't catch any fish if you're not throwing the net out. So that's got to do. But you know, I often have this conversation where, you know, founders, you know, owners are thinking about optimizing it, right?  
00:11:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: So if you think about the same nine grand that you're going to spend, right? How else could you spend it? Yeah, you could go into the market, you could start a email campaign, right? I'm pretty sure you're doing it already. And I'm pretty sure the op the results on that are not great at all, right? Simply because the filtering systems have gotten so good that most of the pitches are now just going straight to spam.Mike Newman: Nobody.Hassaan Ahmad: You could hire an SDR, right? It would take you three months to ramp them alone and you would be paying more than nine grand fully loaded for that person in order to be pro productive. You could go out and you could buy some leads. It's really easy to just hack the leads, so to speak, right? I could run a badly optimized campaign that would get you five leads, I don't know, a month, a week, whatever. How many of those would convert? Probably zero. simply because they're not targeted at the right person.  
00:12:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, you would be spending all that money, but you might not be getting the same ROI. Yeah, you would need to cast that net out one way or the other, right?Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: It's just a matter of how you're going into the market and doing it. Yeah. From my perspective, one of the reasons why we started having the call is because you saw an ad, right, which was targeted to the CEOs. I got a CEO on the call with me and we had that conversation, right? It's a testament of us doing the targeting right and getting the right persona in having that conversation, right?Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I could very easily target somebody my junior who wouldn't have the budgetary authority and then it wouldn't work right because that person would come in, they would do three meetings with you, waste a lot of time. I think we talked that but then that's not going to go anywhere simply because you know the targeting isn't right.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um ultimately that's your decision right and your concerns are valid.  
00:13:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: I think they're absolutely valid. I'm not in the business of making promises I can't keep right and I don't know how many leads you're going to get. Right? I can tell you what the data tells me and what my experience tells me. My experience is you're in a demand capture situation where people are there looking for a solution and you've got a really good solution. Yeah, I have the best resources that I think I could find for solving both the messaging as well as the product problem, product design problem, right? And I can put it in front of people really quickly. You know, two weeksish is when I can do it. I've seen success with it before. I've seen success with it with my own solution, which is also a capture solution, right? And I know that when it works, it works really well. Yeah, I think three grand is a good budget for us to start off with for ads.Mike Newman: H. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And three grand will tell us very quickly if this is working or not.  
00:14:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Worst case scenario is you're going to be down 9K and you would know that with the best messaging with the best targeting went into the market and it didn't work. It you can strike that off and you wouldn't be wondering. But I'm very very confident that with your solution and with our messaging I think we have a really strong probability of success there.Mike Newman: Okay. Okay. So, just just remind me again. So, the commercials would be that it would be 2K a month and for your fee and we would just fund the we fund the ads directly. Is that right?Hassaan Ahmad: Correct.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Okay. Okay. Right. Um Okay. Let's get started.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. You last week, Mike.Mike Newman: Okay. Y No, I think that that was it.Hassaan Ahmad: Any other concerns? Any other thoughts?Mike Newman: It was just it was on my mind. Uh I wanted to talk through it.  
00:15:57
 Mike Newman: You know, I mean I think you know if it works I ideally you know um you know if it works and it scales ideally you you know you and your uh colleague could come and join us and be part of our core team growing the business to become an international success and then get your exit from that and then go and fund your marketing business, you know. But anyway,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, look, I think would make me happier, right? Um, I think you've got a great business. I do want to set the right expectations and I think we can reflect that in the commercial somehow. We're starting November, right? I don't want to run ads in December because I doubt that while people are getting ready for Christmas, they're thinking about solving entity access management problem.Mike Newman: yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, what we can potentially do is if we kick off next week, right?Mike Newman: Okay. Yep. Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: We can get the messaging and everything done um in November, make sure that we're good to go.  
00:16:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: We can take a pause for December. Yeah.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And then in January, we start again.Mike Newman: Okay. Yeah, that just Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, look, I would very happily take your money in December as well.Mike Newman: Okay. All right. No, I know. I know. mean it's not going to I I agree with pausing in December. My question is could we is there any merit in getting something up and running for November if and and we could tuck tuck a month under our belts and say actually okay we've learned from it we've got someHassaan Ahmad: Yes, we can. So, here's what I think we would do.Mike Newman: messy we've got some camp you know early just to try and give us we just want to get even a handful of leads in early you know this is all you know it's all like for me it's aboutHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: shareholder optics and you know all that sort of stuff and making sure that we're sending out the right signals that we've got the right leading metrics starting to Mhm.  
00:17:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Absolutely. So what we can do is if we kick off as soon as possible which is I think the earliest would be probably Wednesday next week.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: If you kick off Wednesday next week we can fast track the go to market somehow and the way we would do that is through direct LinkedIn outreach first.Mike Newman: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So what we would do is we would define the narrative that we're going to go into the market with. Yeah. Let me see if I can give you an example. Do you have how are you for time?Mike Newman: I'm I'm fine. I'm all good. And and like you know if if you need you know I'm I'm available. I can move things around to make this happen and earlier if we you know in terms of kickoffs and all the rest of it.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: So that's all that's all totally fine for me. So yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that is good.  
00:18:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So this is I'm showing you an example of something that we're working right now on. Can you see this doc? Yeah. So basically this is how we work where we capture everything that you and I have talked about.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Just to make sure that we are aligned on what we're going to do, right? So we'd create this for you. We would share that. you would have a chance to put into it and so forth.Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Use that to define a mutual action plan. And as you can see, we started on the 2nd of October. We went live on the 8th uh sorry, 10th of October, right?Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So that was really quick that we did, but what we went live with was not the ads, right?Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So we didn't do ads first. What we did was um as you can probably see here private access to LinkedIn.  
00:19:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: So we set up all of that off the basis of it off the back of it. Sorry. What we did was we defined who the ICP was going to be. This was a marketing technology platform. Yeah.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We defined who the ICP is going to be and what the messaging narrative needs to be. Yeah.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: using that then we launched this where is it okay it's not it we launched a direct LinkedIn outreach first directly to in this case agency MDs agency owners and so forth and we started getting responses pretty much straightMike Newman: Mhm. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: away so this by the third day of us launching it we had people saying yeah I want to have a conversation yeah I want to meet and so forth That's something that we could do.Mike Newman: Okay. So, the only the only the only Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Why parallel?Mike Newman: Would that affect We've currently got a campaign running on link with LinkedIn outreach just now which is automated and it's pretty much using all of our capacity on on my on my LinkedIn account anyway and and James's for  
00:20:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: that matter. And um so it's looks like it's starting to get some we're get we're getting lots of connections.Hassaan Ahmad: How's that looking for you? Okay.Mike Newman: We're getting a few responses and um you know they haven't turned into you know they're not certainly not SQLs yet but they are you know the they're the right the right kind of ICP profiles for our you knowHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Okay. Good. Um, who's doing that?Mike Newman: h so that's the it's the campaign that we're running with cold IQ the so it's email outbound email and LinkedIn hidden lead generation. Um, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You managing that yourself?Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you want us to do it?Mike Newman: Well, well, well, I mean, what I mean is, um, I mean, I'm they're they're very hands-on, you know, so they're they're writing all, you know, they're writing the messaging and all that sort of stuff and running all theHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: systems. They use a numbers, you know, they use lem list clay behind the scenes for data enrichment.  
00:22:05
 Mike Newman: to use instantly for a you know so there's a number of different email boxes they've got warmed up that are now send out messages so it stays you know reduces the risk of hitting filters and all stuff soHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: so that that is that's an an outbound one I think I'm okay with I think what I liked about what you had to offer was the kind of the kind of more uh you know the ad side of advertising side of things So, Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: All right, let's do this then. If we can kick off on Tuesday or Wednesday next week, we will get your ads live within two weeks which will give us till the December till December 15th December 15th.Mike Newman: Okay. Okay. Okay. Yep. That sounds good. Yep. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So one whole month of data gathering and so forth.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: If by December 15th the performance is good and it doesn't show signs of slowing down, we would continue running with it.Mike Newman: Yep.  
00:23:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: If it does feel like it's slowing down, we pause it and then start in Yeah.Mike Newman: Yep. Pause it. That's okay. Perfect. Yeah, I like Yeah, I like I like the sound of that. I think that that that sounds like a good way to at least get something under our belt this side of the calendar year end.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: So, okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. But that would require that we start on the well no later than Tuesday or Wednesday. I look at the team calendar.Mike Newman: Mhm. That's fine. Yeah, I'm okay. I I I can be available. So you just let me know let me know what you need from me. So no problem.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Who's James by the way you mentioned?Mike Newman: Oh, so James is our uh sales uh lead. So our account exec.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Got it. Cool. Might be helpful to just have James on the kickoff as well just to see how Okay, I will look at the calendars and I can shoot across.  
00:23:51
 Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Sure. No problem.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, I'll just drop something in in for the kickoff.Mike Newman: Mhm. Yeah. I mean gen generally um you know Tuesday morning is good from about half 10 11 um Tuesday afternoon is good. Wednesday morning is good. Monday afternoon is good.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, it's just that one of my team members is traveling and I just want to make sure. So, he's back on Tuesday.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Want to make sure he's So, you said Tuesday morning or afternoon or Wednesday?Mike Newman: That's fine. Look. quite quite there's a few options in there. So you you just let me know. Um so uh yeah, Tuesday morning or afternoon? Uh Wednesday morning would be preferable. Um if it was Wednesday, um I I haven't checked James' Do you want me to check James' diary?Hassaan Ahmad: Yes, please.Mike Newman: Okay. Uh yeah. So there's nothing that he can't move.  
00:25:12
 Mike Newman: Yeah, he he'd be the same as me. Yeah, that would work.Hassaan Ahmad: What time on Wednesday? Mike Um, that might be too early.Mike Newman: Uh just anytime from like 9:15 let's say 9:30 just to be safe.Hassaan Ahmad: So, can we start at 11 and maybe take it to 12:30?Mike Newman: Uh yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, let me slot that in. I will double check with my colleague and make sure that that works for him and we will take it from there.Mike Newman: Mhm. Okay. Okay, sounds good. And then just if you just ping across the agreement, um would you could you just put something in to say that we would um you know we can pause that we can pause do this pause at December for one month as well if we you know if we elect to and yeah and that yeah just Yeah, I can do that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep. Cool. I I will send that across to you and if you can sign it today that would be help.Mike Newman: Yep, that's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Mike Newman: Happy to do that. So, okay.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. This should be in your diary now. I will get the agreement to you in the next kind of five to 10 minutes and then soon as you've signed it, we can get the ball rolling on it.Mike Newman: Yep.  
Transcription ended after 00:27:14

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
