---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Hopsy x Remotir - GTM Strategy – 2026/04/02 13:56 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-04-02T15:14:31.329Z
meeting_date: 2026-04-02T14:18:58.257Z
---


Hopsy x Remotir - GTM Strategy - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Philip Dears: So this is Jamie obviously your business partner.Jamie Norman: right.Philip Dears: Um we got your notes just bringing this all together from last week. So I've shared the notes from the last week and we're kind of all on the same page but if you want to whichever way you want to approach it. Um I was going to ask the question. I haven't had a chance yet but Jay did you manage to get them stats on meta? Not sure if you've seen thatJamie Norman: I did see the message,Philip Dears: message.Jamie Norman: but no, it if I'm honest, it dropped on my head, but I can pull them up while we're while we're talking about some bits.Philip Dears: Yeah. So they're going to be helpful anyway.Jamie Norman: Anyway,Philip Dears: So um I I I don't think it's worth setting the scene again. Obviously just getting straight into because we kind of know we're on the look for you know a partner um essentially what we've already covered and then it's just about more or less talking about the the the approach um what way would we do?  
00:01:12
 Philip Dears: Jamie's obviously deal. So the split between us is Jamie's we've done bits of marketing in the past and when it's more central so like working with the metas and stuff like that Jamie's definitely been on that side. So I thought it's worth just having the conversation now as if like it was almost from the start and what would we do and yeah just selling us early on the approach and and what you think would be best and what what news would do to get us there. So yeah, that all okay?Hassaan Ahmad: sounds.Philip Dears: Yeah. Good. And I just want to caveat one last thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: Hassan, if he doesn't make it in market, and I said to him in the last meeting, he could make it on an audible as a audible voiceover professional because he's got the most soothing voice.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Philip Dears: So yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: thisPhilip Dears: So no furtherJamie Norman: ThisPhilip Dears: advocation.Hassaan Ahmad: if this doesn't work, Philip, I'm gonna, you know, we can we can work something out.  
00:02:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. Jamie, first of all, it's great to meet you. Thank you so much for making the time. And Philip, special thanks to you, mate. I know you're uh on holiday with the family and I don't know if you filled that down on the in on this but he got a Nokia phone just so he could be away from the tech.Adnan Khan: Oh, that is high respect, high praise,Philip Dears: Yeah,Adnan Khan: high praise.Philip Dears: sorry it didn't come out the car, guys. I did buy it,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: but um it did it didn't happen in real world. But I did have all intention of switching to the Nokia. Yes. But it didn't happen. Too too much work to do.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Philip Dears: So I've still had a nice break though.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. All right. Well, we appreciate you nonetheless. So guys, um, when I when we have somebody new new coming in, Jamie, you such it yourself and Atlant as well.  
00:03:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: I always like to kind of recap what you know I heard from Phillip. So just to make sure that we're all on the same page and that's an opportunity with Philip to you to chime in and let me know if there's something that I misunderstood or something that we've missed and so forth.Philip Dears: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: And then we as a as a starting point to just talk about you knowJamie Norman: Yeah.Philip Dears: that's nice.Hassaan Ahmad: what where do we feel the opportunity lies and where do we feel we could add some value right align with you on that and if there's alignment then we can see you know how we were to workJamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: together you know if if we do this make sense umJamie Norman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Jamie what I would be really keen before we do that actually is just to kind of getJamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: a sense of how you fit in into this. Yeah. So I know Philip when he and I talked about so he mentioned that you know he was doing a lot of sales and partnerships and so forth.  
00:03:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: So I'm really keen to understand you know um as you know as the second member of the team you know what do you do and you know where you fit in because we want to come in and help you and fill it both. So help us understand that help us understand where you see as gaps and then we go fromJamie Norman: So,Hassaan Ahmad: there.Jamie Norman: so where I fit simply is kind of the delivery side. So, engineering delivery. My background is IT engineering, um, software testing and into sort of engineering delivery. So, uh, I don't really write code anymore, but I I still have quite a lot to do with the team of some of the solutions that they do. Um, but I certainly manage the backlog and manage what the team's delivering. um and get through that. So that comes with a lot of constraints mainly around resource and sort of delivery velo well velocity I suppose is one thing but the velocity is slow because we haven't got many people not because those people are working particularly slow.  
00:04:49
 Jamie Norman: So it's the constant kind of juggle of those things. Um and then pro I would say like product design either taking requirements in fulfill or from customers or understanding some of the things that we want to achieve. I also look after that area. So kind of mainly almost certainly over on the delivery side and then supporting some of the customers as well. Um the where are the gaps? So um my understanding this is more around the marketing and lead genen side. Um I I got the notes of the last meeting from Phil and I've had a read through those. So in in that space there is um like a three-dimensional puzzle that needsHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jamie Norman: solving. Okay. So I've spoken to quite a few people and some people are appro approaching it on one plane and that kind of is really tough. So um I spoke to a customer a company the other day because we're talking to a few and their whole thing was going well I've looked at your website and it's not very good.  
00:05:47
 Jamie Norman: It's like yeah we know that like we're well aware of that that's not really a thing and actually for me that's not the first place to start but it is a place to start on some bits right so the the where we also know uh and there's many things to unpack here is the application is good the application is really comprehensive and works well for customers um and we have a lot of people using it but it's it it needs to be restructured something Phil and I spent quite a bit of time talking out so that people understand it quickly. That's a a big thing. And that means a couple of different things. Again, this is why it always becomes layered, right? You you can write a oneliner that tells people what hopsy is. One or two lines. Maybe not maybe not a short catchphrase, but one or two lines. People go, "Okay, I kind of understand what that means." After that, they then understanding what they've got when they log in. What are all the things that we do?  
00:06:46
 Jamie Norman: We do 75 features plus all of the company oversight and management. So there's a lot of things, a lot of depth to Hopsy. The other problem that brings is it's really overwhelming. You know, kind of a line that we've heard a lot of times from from either from customers that have actually stayed with us or customers who who haven't is it's a lot, you know, or it's a lot of work. Now, part of that is wrapped up into the fact that we make their business do something it's not and they should be doing. So there is a a kind of level that we can never get away from. If you don't do your fire checks every day and week and now you've got something that makes you do your fire checks every day and week, you've got something to do. We can't like complete that last sort of mile of it. But it's about breaking it down to be much more understandable and relatable to what people want and allow them to kind of implement in bite-size.  
00:07:39
 Jamie Norman: And and this is something we can discover like later on. I can take you through what those concepts mean. But these kind of chunks are if if we take the website is actually in the middle o of this process of selling to someone. It's not the beginning. It's certainly not the end. Is that's just one piece that needs to move. Now, we could spend four or five weeks brainstorming, finding designs, doing things that we think look pretty. We have absolutely no idea whether it's relevant at all. equally like the c the person I spoke to the other day and and why we won't be continuing with them is going well there's no point doing any advertising or anything because your website won't convert and I'm like well I already know that bit right so that that's like don't worry about that it but what I don't know is what should the website change to because I don't know what the people on the outside are interested in and resonating with them and it one it feeds the other right so we'll kind of get to this this point where we've got a funnel, whatever that conceptual funnel is, right?  
00:08:43
 Jamie Norman: And then it's about improving the bits and putting the effort into the the areas that we think are important next, right? And sometimes we'll we'll kind of come a little bit full circle on that and go right now that we know this messaging is bringing in these types of customers, but they're not going to convert for for the reasons that they, you know, aren't the right customer for our business. or we could have all the right customers coming in and something they're not getting on the other end is meaning that they're not converting. Like that's what I mean is they all they're both feedback, but for me the first thing that I know that we haven't got is we don't do any advertising. Okay, that's that's kind of it. We could talk about some of the stuff we've done in Facebook before. It's very small scale um broadly ineffective at what it's done. So the good thing is I can tell you which messages or which approach doesn't work in some bits. But the other thing for me is it's it's it's all those things together, right?  
00:09:38
 Jamie Norman: What's what are we trying to attract as a customer? What effort are we putting into those channels to do it and how are we working on what the discovery model of what that works is rather than just you know Phil going well I think it's food and I'm going well I think it's multi-sight. Right? Like those are just two opinions. They're not data. They're not showing us what what's coming through. We know we've got a product that can be sold and we know we've got a product that that is bought and retained with customers. You know that once they've bedded it in it, it's there. So that's kind of known and all the other bits. It's like that big shuffle board, you know, in the old war films where someone's running around moving all the bits forward at the right times. That's kind of where I see this lead gen piece sitting. But we're also looking for someone who's done this before and understands where really they should start the efforts.  
00:10:28
 Jamie Norman: And you might tell me I'm completely wrong. Change your website and we'll discuss and understand that.Philip Dears: and we'll say thank you and never see you again.Jamie Norman: Leave it open so that they could try and take the lead.Philip Dears: So please Jamie set you up there. Please don't say that.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Philip Dears: Uh yeah. Yeah.Jamie Norman: But yeah,Philip Dears: I'm interested to hear your thoughts on all thatHassaan Ahmad: I I'd loveJamie Norman: I I was just going to end that. I mean it it is kind of like like I'm not starting with the website very first but I might take something but I am interestedPhilip Dears: chaps.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Jamie Norman: to know the reasons why you know because you're this is your space not ours. Um so now I am going to beHassaan Ahmad: Well, Jamie, thank you for that.Jamie Norman: quiet.Hassaan Ahmad: You've covered the first three slides for me, which is perfect. At some point, if if it makes sense, pull them up.  
00:11:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: Anyway, but hey, you've you've hit the nail on the head. Um, and I'm really glad that I asked Saddan to join as well. Han, have you done a intro so far?Adnan Khan: We haven't done intros. No, we haven't done intros. But I'm glad I'm glad we didn't.Hassaan Ahmad: You got to do an intro.Adnan Khan: So, uh, Jamie, hi. Ahad Nan, work very closely with Assan, obviously. uh we tag team a lot on this and we'll and you'll see why that funnel you painted out where sort of he lives and where I live. Uh so most of my experience over the past 16ish years has been product and product design. Uh so I'm less on the let's make it look pretty side. I'm more on the side of let's make the UX and the product speak for itself. So when you say things like we have 75 features and the user experience just needs toJamie Norman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: work, that's music to my ears, right? So you'll hear me say things like 80% of your audience is probably using 20% of your features.  
00:12:04
 Adnan Khan: They're slow and explore that and get it to a point where that looks like.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: So past roles, I've done startup for I've done startups for like a decade. So in each of the three startups I did, we started with 30 people, scaled up to 200.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: So I built and shaped design teams along the way. Most of my relationships have been very closely with product and product partners. uh in the last five years getting to sixish uh actually sixish uh I've been at Meta for the whole for the whole time. So again, shaping solutions at scale. What brought me there was did the startup thing, did the deliver one thing, wanted to see how it happens at scale. And so now I've come to a point where like, okay, I've seen that journey. How does that translate back into into what we're doing for other people? And so what you'll notice with us, as opposed to like quote unquote lead genen agencies want to make your website better, we actually look at the entire experience end to end.  
00:12:58
 Adnan Khan: So Hassan's going to do a lot of talking about like top of funnel, the sales process, how that eventually fits in. But ultimately, like if that loop isn't closing, not just from an acquisition perspective, but a retention perspective, then there's a problem. Um,Jamie Norman: Yes.Adnan Khan: and that's why we try and find clients who are actually a good fit and who we can help contribute longer term because it's not a 30-day partnership, right? And it's going to be something you're going to be committed to working with us, otherwise this is not going to work. So let's just talk openly. We don't know yet where we're getting to and where the value is, but the whole premise is let's just like talk through it and see where we can start. Definitely not the website as a starting point.Jamie Norman: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, good. Thanks, Adan. While we're talking about the team,Jamie Norman: good.Hassaan Ahmad: I think it's really helpful if I put this up on my screen and show you the third part.  
00:13:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, um, Jamie and Philip, we didn't cover this last time, but we're basically Legion is one-third of what we do. So, I focus more on the strategy and the messaging and the positioning side. 15 plus years in sales,Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: sold to enterprises, sold to startups, sold pretty much anything and everything under the sun from kids toys to pharmaceuticals to data advisory and so forth. So that's me. Adan you have already heard about and then Adil the third guy is the growth market here. So that's the lead genen part. Yeah. The way we've approached this is based on our shared experience and understanding over the past like 30Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: plus years is lead genen is only one part of the problem. Yeah. If you've got you could have 100 leads coming in, but if your product doesn't convert, that's wastage effort. Yeah. You could have the best product on the planet, but if the leads aren't coming in, that's wasted effort. And ultimately, leads or product don't pay the bills.  
00:14:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: They don't send your kids to school. They don't put the food on the table. Revenue does. Right. Anything that doesn't convert to revenue is wasted effort. We don't focus on that. We don't advertise that. We don't advise that either. Yeah. So, that's one thing that we do. um if we work together and when we work together hopefully um our focus is going to be on stuff that converts to revenue for you. Yeah. And that would those are the steps that we always talk about umJamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: taking everything else is a distraction. Now I said I'm not going to well put up the slides but since they're up we'll look at it anyway. When I spoke with Philillip, there were three things that stood up that stood straight away to me. Yeah. The first is you're basically a twoerson team doing everything. So you're handling product. Philip is doing all the sales, marketing, anything and everything.  
00:15:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: Each person is wearing six hats,Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: which means that there are things that you've kicked down the road, marketing, advertising being one of them. I saw that you were doing some SEO,Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: some blog stuff up until last year, but you know, between last year and something and and now something happened,Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you stopped doing that. So, it's basically consistency is is a challenge and that's something because you're doing too many things. You've got to pick the battles that you're fighting every single day. So, that's number one. Number two is what you said.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You've got and and what Phil sh Philip shared with me. I'm sorry I keep on calling you Phil. Um what he keeps what he shared with me is you've got four use cases, six personas, got one website and like you said 75 features. So I've learned this word from Adan. The information architecture and the user experience that's a bit of a problem that needs to be sorted or at least narrated in a way that makes it easy for people to come in experience the product decide if they want it or not and then go from there.  
00:16:38
 Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And the third is this piece. Anyway, the volume is a problem, right? It's a bit of a chicken and an egg. The more people that come in through the funnel, the more data that you get, the more you can use that to optimize it. Yeah. Without the data, you're guessing. Guessing is expensive at best.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Those were the three things that we picked up on. Um, have I summarized what you said and what Philip said correctlyJamie Norman: Yeah, I think so. I think there's um you know uh like you said blogs blogs up to last year and we stopped doing it.Hassaan Ahmad: orJamie Norman: We stopped doing it because it didn't generate anything for us, right? And that's because it wasn't part of a wider strategy. So it was dead money distraction doesn't mean that we shouldn't be doing it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jamie Norman: In fact, there's probably like eating your vegetables, there's lots of things we know we should be doing and you're right, capacity is a problem.  
00:17:27
 Jamie Norman: Okay. internal application architecture as to as to how people consume it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Jamie Norman: We've got a reasonable idea on what that should be. That's not to say it can't be shaped and discussed and and played back to have input on what that is, but I think we do we understand a lot of the problems we're facing, but it's it's finding the right people to advise to to um solve some of those problems. So, that that's absolutely fine. Um, I think the, you know, whether it's leads, you know, five leads a month are kind of just background static. That's not by design or plan. That's, you know, whether it's people have heard about us because other people in in that industry have recommended us or whatever, but that's just kind of coming through that, not through a a concerted effort. So it's almost the same as saying zero because it to me a lead is like in this concept is much more structured in we've done something and we're seeing something come in. This is just someone walking down the street and has happened to walk past the front of the shop and come into it  
00:18:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jamie Norman: potentially or someone's told them we're there. Um the the the final bit which I think I've just forgotten what I was going to say. Yeah. Kind of just internal to the app and what people are getting there and that retention. We know that when people have um come to us and come to a demo that is the right type of customer, they have then converted and stayed, right? And and sometimes it's really easy to boil down the right type of customer is the one that buys your product. Like it that's kind of a little bit of it, but that very much is a trend. If you go and look at the ones that failed and we can look back at that, we can kind of point out that that type of customer would fail again. It's not actually necessarily the product didn't make sense. It's their business doesn't fit what we're doing or certainly a reasonable percentage of those. I'm not saying 100% but certainly a reasonable percent. But we're not casting our net far enough.  
00:19:22
 Jamie Norman: We're not breaking the application down. Like you said, 75 features is just insane. Right. You should see the config. It's bonkers. Right. There's loads of stuff that we we put down to take a hell of a lot of that off. in fact to the point that it's a completely hands-off touch when you sign up for a trial and you only then start to tailor once you see value in something and so it's kind of much more led but we can talk about those things um you know we're I was going to say a victim of our own success but I don't necessarily mean by revenue but by the fact that we have delivered a lot for customers we've been asked for a lot and we responded to that we've and we've been led in the past by revenue discussions with those customers customer, you know, we'll buy you if it has this. And that's I'd love to get completely away from that because I've already got a backlog big enough that involves no new features.  
00:20:15
 Jamie Norman: It's just the things that could do with changing and fixing and sorting out. So, and all of this revenue feeds growth, which I'm sure is exactly what you look at because we're not taking that revenue back out into our pockets. We're plowing it into finding people and bringing them in and and you know really rocketing up.Adnan Khan: I have I have a couple follow-up things.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Adnan Khan: I think I think there's like a pricing packaging discussion here at some point. We should we should table that for now. But one question I want to ask from you is because I'm keen to understand like if you're willing to share what is the number of customers you have right now. What is sort of the retention or stickiness that they have towards the product? like looking at metrics like oh if they last 3 months are they then likely to stay with another year or do they drop off after like the first 15 days like I'm trying to understand like the stickiness and the reason I kind of asked it are they sticky because their data gets in and then it's just really hard for them to move out of the product  
00:21:09
 Jamie Norman: Yeah.Philip Dears: Don'tAdnan Khan: or is it like oh it's doing something so different that no one else is doing and that just keeps usJamie Norman: I I I think there's um uh is it less data?Adnan Khan: Mhm.Jamie Norman: It's not so much their data is in it. It's definitely built into their business processes and it fits a niche and actually there's notPhilip Dears: stop.Adnan Khan: Right.Jamie Norman: many other apps that fit that like complete niche. Right? So you can go and get staff rotoring tool.Adnan Khan: Right.Jamie Norman: Um you can or something else like that.Adnan Khan: Mhm.Jamie Norman: That means that now you've got two log on for your customer for your staff and your management things.Adnan Khan: Right.Jamie Norman: you the the compliance the kind of the operational side of the compliance is embedded into everything our customers do. So um all their area managers are using it. All of their property teams are using it. You know there's a lot of business that are using it.  
00:22:04
 Adnan Khan: Oh,Jamie Norman: So it's embedding into the business.Adnan Khan: that'sJamie Norman: Now as they become smaller they they perhaps would fall off. And if we look at our percentage of loss of customers or or the customers that have lost they're definitely theAdnan Khan: Yeah,Jamie Norman: much smaller ones that have gone. like it's easier for them.Adnan Khan: right.Jamie Norman: The ones that have gone on the whole have gone just for a couple of reasons. One is they've shut down. We've had a couple of those where they trade,Adnan Khan: Okay. Can't do anything.Jamie Norman: right? So then we've got some where um they've gone because the product was brought in by an ops manager who left the business and a new ops managerAdnan Khan: Mhm. Okay.Jamie Norman: came in and it's almost like a new brush,Adnan Khan: They want to do a new thing.Jamie Norman: new way but actually and you know replaced us with something. It's not like that,Adnan Khan: Yeah.Jamie Norman: oh, we got this better one.  
00:22:50
 Jamie Norman: They're just almost like, well, I didn't make the choice on this. I don't know what it is. I don't want it. Right. And that that's that's been a surprising one, actually. Like,Adnan Khan: Okay.Jamie Norman: we've had that two or I think three times and they're complete stonewalls. It's not even a case of like, oh, we've looked it, we don't like it. It's like, oh great, you've come in. Why don't we get a call set up? Nothing. They won't. It's just kind of I don't know. It's an odd one.Adnan Khan: Okay.Jamie Norman: It's almost like that's a bad manager that's therefore their decision's gone. Um, and then Phil's put his hand up a minute. I was just I'll come on to our last point in a minute. Go on,Philip Dears: No, I was just going Again,Jamie Norman: Phil.Philip Dears: it's it's coming down to um what what our take is on it. I mean, I think I covered this last time, but in general, there's roughly about 55 customers, ranging from large hundreds of venues down to obviously small multiples and lots of single sites.  
00:23:38
 Philip Dears: So, um what I would say is most people who use Hopsy use it because they're made to use it. In fact, it's part of their working day. So, if you ask that person, would they pay for it? They obviously wouldn't.Adnan Khan: Right.Philip Dears: That's just the tool they're using and that's the majority of users. So the person who sees the value is obviously someone who's in the management position. So the standardized process, they see the most value.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Philip Dears: If you all if we surveyed them all, they would say, "Oh, it's brilliant." But they're not using day-to-day, but they're seeing the out outcome from it dayto-day. So yeah, we have to almost manage the daily user and their experience as well as the output.Adnan Khan: Right.Philip Dears: I think that's the data question answered. And then the company self, the company has got insights it never had before.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Philip Dears: So it's loving it because it is owned by investors. It can share brilliant reports.  
00:24:26
 Philip Dears: It can say look at our safety rate. Look at this. Look at that. So they have this lovely polished version that they definitely never log in and use.Adnan Khan: Right.Philip Dears: They only use to see the outputs and at a at a very global level. So the way churn is low because of that but it's low because people who let's say a good example is toilet checks a staff user will always complain I've got to do the toilet check every hour because it makes them do something it comes back a negative connotation like I've got to be hopAdnan Khan: Right.Philip Dears: check but it's because they've got to go physically do something report it record it's the right thing toAdnan Khan: Right.Philip Dears: do so I wouldn't say that they would be the value personAdnan Khan: That's right.Philip Dears: it's it's the action they've done that rolls up to to create such value. Um, when we engage and I've said this before in the last couple, I I'm I'm a firm believer that when we engage with the right type of company, all of the companies say they see its value.  
00:25:22
 Adnan Khan: right?Philip Dears: I very very get anyone say this isn't valuable. The problem they have is they upsetting the amount of people who are used to a a poor process or anAdnan Khan: Yeah.Philip Dears: old process. So I call it implementation. So implement it in the business.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Philip Dears: It takes real drive from someone new. It t it's sorry from someone high up and they've got to really want the stat to change.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Philip Dears: Okay.Adnan Khan: Exactly. Exactly.Philip Dears: So that's that's the hurdle. And when people do that, so the education piece, don't forget this isn't people coming through a funnel landing on it and not speaking. We're talking about we've engaged with these people over sales. Now we've had interactions. They know the core values what we're offering. They know other people. They've seen testimonials. This is definitely more of a sales in person thing. You've got more opportunity to sell the value, but basically people still do come to the website and sign up.  
00:26:15
 Philip Dears: So, they see something hype and give it a go. And we're trying to work in that area.Adnan Khan: Right.Philip Dears: It's kind of like two. That's my take on it anyway. Not sure if that helps.Adnan Khan: No, that that does help. Sorry, J.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Go for it.Jamie Norman: So the the the final one which I was going to say which was where people don't retain where they they come on and they fall off is that almost like the frustrating ones where they come on they'll have a demo or they'll have reached out to us for a demo. They'll have seen the product they'll have liked what it does. They like the idea of it and they don't really work particularly hard to implement it in the business. And we can see that perform in the metrics in the application. We we score the venues. We can see it falling off and they're pretty much on a on a on a uh a route to exit, you know, almost from the from the beginning because they don't want to do the extra work.  
00:27:01
 Adnan Khan: Right.Jamie Norman: Now we can this is comes back to that crossover of we can make things in the application simpler and more understandable and the onboard kind of that thing.Adnan Khan: Right.Jamie Norman: But it does boil down to ultimately as Phil kind of alluded to the the best implementations are where people have just mandated this goes into the organization, right? Because they're not they're not then going,Adnan Khan: Right.Jamie Norman: "Well, I don't care whether you don't like to do the toilet checks,Adnan Khan: That's right. That'sJamie Norman: got to check because it protects our insurance and it protects our brand and you know,Adnan Khan: right.Jamie Norman: and I want it to happen." So thatPhilip Dears: I think just evenAdnan Khan: And I think And I think that And I think that's what I was trying to like Sorry, Asan. I know you probably want to move on to the next part, but that's exactly what I'm trying to pinpoint is like,Philip Dears: sorryAdnan Khan: okay, there is like there is intentional friction that's letting people not leave and that intentional friction comes after it's embedded into the operations, which is great.  
00:27:58
 Adnan Khan: And then it sounds like as long as that value is consistently comes through for like the per person doing the operations, they're happy to do it. But then once the person moves out, if they don't instantly see that value, they're like they're just questioning everything and want to create their own impact.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: And so it's almost like in order for us to get people in, it's not just like, oh yeah, lead is in, they're using it for seven days, great. It's more like, okay, what does the onboarding flow look like to a point where and I don't know what that threshold is.Philip Dears: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Maybe they start using three out of 70 features or 10 out of 70 features where you are then determining like, okay, they've crossed 10 features, now they're likely to go to 15 and 16 and so on.Philip Dears: Okay.Adnan Khan: and then we'll we'll have them over time. So that's like one problem. And yeah, and I think from a messaging standpoint as well,Jamie Norman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: I think I think looking at like that operational lens, like I think calling some of those things out more in the messaging is is another aspect.  
00:28:49
 Adnan Khan: We can get into that later,Philip Dears: Thanks.Adnan Khan: though. Um, all right. A fault.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I have a question.Jamie Norman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, how many, if you were to give me a number, let's say you've got five leads a month coming in, you said how many of those are operationalJamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: users versus I call them economic buyers, people with the budget,Philip Dears: Six.Hassaan Ahmad: with the authority, and the mandate. If you were to give me a split of your incoming travel right now, what's that?Jamie Norman: So I I would say um I haven't got this but I would say three of the leads would be like individual businesses coming um andHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Jamie Norman: then two one or two depending on the slight scale of the month then be it like a a couple of sites but what no problem matePhilip Dears: Go. Sorry. Go on. I was only going to say again it's just opinion. We can actually we I've actually just asked this question yesterday looking at we had 10 c through in a month and nine dropped off and then we got like a bit of a we added to the CRM for each one and and there's actually reasons for some some are just delays till July when they change business some were small multiples but I would say the operational people was almost all I'd be amazed if anyone came through who was the buyer you know the persona I just mentioned who gets the the the output value he landed on it went oh  
00:30:17
 Philip Dears: output value but I'm not going to use it. I would say most of them understand the usage of it at operational level through that. Um and that's that's a guess again I will be able to get that answer but the way we engage with the other people is very hands-on like we meet them through our network we speak to them I'll engage with them. So they'll be well they'll be well sold the value before they even see the demo. Um they don't come through a website that I know of. There's not like a punch table which comes on the website and the fellow who pays the bills actually says, "Oh, this is amazing. I'm going to make all my venues use this." I just can't see that happening.Jamie Norman: So I I to to slightly contra that I definitely think we get the bill payers come through orPhilip Dears: UmJamie Norman: the people who are going to be the bill payers. But what Phil is right, you're not going to get Punch or Star Bars or someone like that land on who are, you know, they're they're in the hundreds of of venues.  
00:31:14
 Jamie Norman: They're very much a corporate sale. People that are through the site more successful for signing up and taking it are operational leads who have got a say, you know, they're a stakeholder. So that kind of sets the size of business.Philip Dears: Hey,Jamie Norman: Now the size of business can't always be measured on the number of venues. That's one thing to really understand because you can have um a customer who's got bothPhilip Dears: heat.Jamie Norman: customers have got 10 venues but 10 of them are corner community pubs with four or five staff in them and the other business has got 10 destination pubs with 30 or 40 staff in them. The turnovers are wildly different and the operational structures in the background is is much more um is much different to them as well. So, um, it's it's trying to understand that multi-sight operator who's solving those specific pains. They're going to be the ones that I see drive it. And whether that's because their pain is food or compliance or whatever it is, that's what to work out next.  
00:32:14
 Jamie Norman: ButPhilip Dears: I think this is where we're in the I think area of of what we talked about.Jamie Norman: yeah.Philip Dears: We just we don't know. We don't know. We we we the five to 15 is what I called it last time which was what I said.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Philip Dears: There is a type of person who's motivated to solve problems that you might not be aware of but they've certainly got the budget to solve it. And they are presented with messages that makes them go oh right I didn't realize almost I didn't realize I could get this 304. That's kind of where where this is going. Um certainly at size I I did I distinguish punch by forget the size the first name coming but it's a person who knows he wants to uh I think I called them the 15 to 15 last time Hassan you know just somebody who's definitely the boss but doesn't work operationally in the business but certainly that is the key decision maker um we sell a lot of value for that person in fact we take a lot of that pain away as a system because we're making sure a standardized process is met.  
00:33:17
 Philip Dears: I just want to cap one thing off as well. I think that's what we both we've covered on here is both of us have talked about operational overview or food safety. So I feel as though marketing with food why I think it's a I've just realized this as we're talking. It's a good bullet to fire because it makes the people who aren't paying the bill have to do something because they have to do it as part of their job. Okay, remember I said before like going and doing a toilet check. Well, ultimately a food is a brilliant toilet check. You still don't want to do it, but you've got to do it. Whereas, you can miss toilet checks. You're not, you know, it's not like a person is going to come in like get the ho. Um, you only miss them checks when you're in trouble. Whereas with the HO, it can be anytime. It's all the time with food. So, you're firing that shot where we where we've got that solution.  
00:34:05
 Philip Dears: Whereas what what right we said, what Jamie said is, but it's the output of that that is the value someone's paying for to know that's done. And I would say that is the bill payer. In effect, the chef doesn't pay the bill. You see what I mean? And he's got to do the checks, but it's a massively important thing he's got to do that we're making sure it gets done. And that's the difference uh in the system. It does that a couple of times as well within the system, whether it's fire, food,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: wherever we point it.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, what you're describing is something that I've come across pretty much every day over the past 1015 years. Yeah. You may be familiar with these terms, but what you've described is three separate personas. Yeah. One we call for I call people in MySpace call the product champion. Yeah. The other one is a business champion. And then there's economic buyers.Jamie Norman: Mhm.  
00:35:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: escape.Hassaan Ahmad: The product champions are ones who are your operational leads. Yeah. Who have an oversight of the day-to-day technicalities of the operation. So that's your probably manager of a pub, you know, who knows he has to do certain checks and so forth, who's interacting with the product straight away. The value that you're adding for that, you need to describe that in a in an operational sense. So for example, it takes away two hours of your or you know, it takes away five hours of your management overhead every week, something like that. If you take that message to the economic buyer who who pays the bills, he's going to be like, well, that's what I pay that person for. Why should I pay any money to save that guy five hours? You know, that's part of his JD. He's never going to buy on that. So, you've got to when you get to the economic buyer, you've got to turn the message to, hey, this product helps you stay on top of your compliance as well as your hygiene as well as your food standards and so forth, which ultimately results into higher um five-star ratings on Google.  
00:36:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: you know, rep return customers more loyalty. Um, which allows you to then extend a service charge. You can go from getting 12.5% service to 20% service and people would happily pay like all that stuff. Yeah. So, you've got to you've got to have multiple messaging depending on which place you're targeting. Hence why my question was how many of those guys are do you have coming in and what's the conversion like? Yeah. So that's almost the first place where we would need to start because what I picked up on the conversation here is there's opinions but there's not facts. There's not undeniable facts. Yeah. The undeniable fact is you've got a thousand venues, which means that if we wanted to go out and wanted to get that information, we would find that either through your CRM or we interview the people and we could actually find out what their value is, why they bought, why they stay, um what other competitors have they looked at? Because these guys would be getting pitched to left, right, and center every day.  
00:37:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. But they're choosing to stay with you. That's a rational decision. What's making them stay? So that's the number one thing. Yeah. Before we understand that, anything we do is going to be your guess. Yeah. And guesses are expensive. You guys don't have unlimited money. I've worked with billion-dollar companies before even they're stinky as hell. So, I mean, you know,Philip Dears: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: we don't want to guess. We want to understand what is it that makes Hopsy the tool of choice for these people across the three personas.Philip Dears: Oh.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, who our product champions are, who our business champions are, and who's our economic buyer. Yeah. Now looking at your CRM, we can make a guess on you know what that is. We could there we've got a way of doing a research that takes a lot of the pain off that process. Yeah. But the gold comes from actually speaking with these people.  
00:37:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And really understanding why they like you, why they buy and so forth. Yeah. So that's the first thing that we do before even looking at messaging or website or you know um UX or anything like that. Yeah. Once we've got that understanding, that is when we can put a plan around which message do we prioritize first, what to go to market with, how do we optimize the user flow so that when the right person comes in, they actually go through the funnel. Yeah, you have once you do that process in this way, you have the right person coming in, which means that one in every three or one in every two, our rate is one in every two. That's the hit rate that we have that comes to the website and actually books a trial ends up buying. Yeah. Because you're focusing on that quality from the very outset. You do that, you activate one funnel and then you take the revenue of that and feed the other and then you just keep the flywheel turning so that it becomes a self-reinforcing play.  
00:39:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that is the only way to make this thing work. Otherwise, you're going to be throwing a lot of money at a lot of different things which will be disjointed, which won't work, and uh ultimately you're going to be here 16 months from now at the same spot. You wouldn't have changed anything. Make sense?Jamie Norman: Um I I was going to say to a degree, but I the actual process all the way through makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Jamie Norman: Right. So that's where I'm on. The the going out to interview and looking for those three distinct B people that you're on about I think it has got a chance to skew some of the stuff that we're we're we're actually talking about. Right. So if you go and talk to proper pubs, they really struggle to find an economic buyer in there because we were bought seven years ago by a differentHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Jamie Norman: company that they acquired. Right? I I know use as one example. You go to England who was another company and a previous MD bought us and championed and economically bought us in and bought us smaller scale.  
00:40:03
 Jamie Norman: They've grown in that business. Now the people using it on that structure are not were never involved in the original inception. and they've continued to to inherit it. There's quite a few of those. Now, we have got one or two examples where you can see, but actually you'll go and speak to those um and they they'll be good people to talk to and understand all the things you want,Philip Dears: What isJamie Norman: but you'll find three personas in one with some of those people.Philip Dears: it?Jamie Norman: They're larger sites, some of the 30 or 40 sites, right? So that's why I'm like it's okay to go and do that, but actually putting loads of stock in that is not quite the same for for perhaps other businesses because there's a lot of moving parts on there and actually depth of customers at 55. You you know, you can go and pick through all those. That's no problem. But I I do know that that's not going to work as good as if we were saying we've got a pool of 5,000 customers currently where it would fit much more into that.  
00:40:53
 Jamie Norman: Each one of them's got like a history and a story to to where they are. But everything after that point feeding into that that's that makesHassaan Ahmad: Makes sense.Jamie Norman: sense.Hassaan Ahmad: How many customers did you say you have? 55.Jamie Norman: 55 I'd have to go.Philip Dears: Give or take. Here it saysHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Look, that's that's a very fair observation and absolutely um the intention wouldn't be to go andPhilip Dears: contact.Hassaan Ahmad: survey and interview all of them simply because 1% of them are probably going to respond to you,Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But it's getting that tribal language, you know, just unfiltered feedback from one of two one or two of them that at least informs the direction of travel. Yeah. So you've got either you could just, you know, fire a cannon in complete dark without knowing which direction you're,Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, shooting or at least you could know that I'm, you know, I've got a margin of error of 10, 20, 30%.  
00:41:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: And that then allows you to do micro testing. You could then put some messaging around that. say, "All right, well, I'm going to put a budget of whatever it is, 250 or whatever, or I'm going to do some messaging around it through email and so forth." You can define some exit criteria for what that test is. And that's what, you know, you could test a lot of those hypothesis that way.Philip Dears: So a while ago, a couple of years ago,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: I done a survey uh just come back to me now, very similar. It was like pointed at different people at different levels to try and gain some understanding of where the value was. Um I had we we done it I can find the results somewhere.Hassaan Ahmad: IsPhilip Dears: I forget how I think I've done it through jot form. It was two years ago but the thinking was the same. It's like well what holistically what do people see as valuable like one of the interesting things was a lot of people said on it which is what just backed up what I was saying.  
00:42:42
 Philip Dears: A lot of people wrote positive positive positive positive and at the bottom said would what would you pay for? I wouldn't pay anything because they weren't payers because it was getting free but they were still saying value value. Okay, which was like a mixed message but to me it was like yeah because we are that's what backed up what I'm saying like but we are a tool that people haveAdnan Khan: Yeah.Philip Dears: to use. So what they're saying is well I actually do like it but I've got to use it. So I just I like it. And so again, yeah, it's it's essentially it's that I mean just it's just get get grasping at least what is out there and what is the current state of people's thought process what we'reHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah. And and I think any any data that already exists,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: like if you've done surveys,Philip Dears: opinionAdnan Khan: I'm sure Jamie on the tech side, you probably have like a bunch of quantitative stuff coming in like feature usage, like which company does what.  
00:43:31
 Adnan Khan: like if if there's any of that data available. I think to to Asan's point, we don't want to do guessing. We actually want to have a direction of travel that's doing well and probably put like 70 80% effort into that to try and expand it as opposed to like oh a feature that's only being used by likePhilip Dears: AllAdnan Khan: five people and we just go down that path. I think from a persona perspective um like I I think there's a good storyPhilip Dears: right.Adnan Khan: there in terms of like yeah they're the operational people. They some in some cases they wear multiple hats. All that is fine. Sometimes it's the same person wearing the same hat, but it's also a case of like there might be some cases where the buyer is actually being convinced by the user underneath like the leads that we talked about. So I think it's us just getting to a sense of all those components before we actually start to stitch that messaging together. Uh and if it's pre-existing, that's also that's also fair.  
00:44:25
 Adnan Khan: Um, and I think Assan, what you're probably alluding to is like taking that and then having one or two beyond just to verify those things as opposed to starting cold.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Jamie Norman: We I'm quite happy to to connect to anyone that we need to in our customers,Hassaan Ahmad: quickly.Jamie Norman: right? That that's not really a problem. I just want to make sure it's also the types of customers talk to and perhaps some of the history with them as well because that's going to shape that framing. The um the the other thing that we're getting is we know that single sites just struggle conceptually with hopsy anyway. And that's something we can go through on another, you know, call and perhaps show why that becomes confusing for them. Um, but the the people who are running multiple sites from an operational perspective 100% get the value because they can see everything and they've got real headaches that they can't solve in anyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jamie Norman: other way. Because if you've got three, you know, what would what I tend to think of is if you're transforming from a business or have already transformed to a business that conceptually needs a head office.  
00:45:29
 Jamie Norman: That's where you sit as like a perfect user for us. Whether you are there or not, that's the kind of mindset is it's this I used the term the other day. We're not using this term,Philip Dears: Yes,Jamie Norman: but it's the like operational compliance operating system for the business. is like how do you put that backbone into your business that supports all of these different areas.Philip Dears: that'sJamie Norman: Now, if you've got three pubs and you've taken four on, right? They might all be on the same street, so you don't need it because you can walk between each one. It's not great, but you can do that. But if you got three pubs that are in three different towns, you've got the headache again. And once you start becoming a business a you know no longer someone who's got a couple of bars you're a business that's centralizing buying and centralizing in you know everything it's doing. That's where we really step in and start to to own that space.Hassaan Ahmad: Guys, I'm conscious of time and we've got a hard three.  
00:46:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um,Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: actually, I just got a cancellation. So, we don't have a hard stop. I want to be respectful of your time. Look, we've done a lot of talking and we've talked we've shared conceptually what the approach is, which is understand what people like. So really understand the user first. Use that to understand the pain.Philip Dears: Got him. GotHassaan Ahmad: Then use that pain to build some messaging around it.Philip Dears: him.Hassaan Ahmad: Test their messaging. Bring people in through the funnel. Then work on the website if you've got enough volume. And that's when it makes sense to focus on the optimization and then that ultimately leads to conversion. Once you optimize the entire funnel, revenue becomes a consequence, conversion becomes a consequence. I know a lot of people say a lot of things. Um I want to show you an example of what that looks like in practice as well, just so you walk away from this call with something more tangible than just words.  
00:47:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um, we have a customer that we're working with right now and I love this customer because they've got this product that nobody cares about till they need it. Yeah, I'm talking my one login. So, it's a identity access manager which is a fancy way of saying password manager for corporates. Yeah.Philip Dears: ExcuseHassaan Ahmad: Um, we started working with them with and they had exactly the same problem. If you've got a password manager, it speaks to everyone. Yeah. It could work for a pharmaceutical company.Philip Dears: me.Hassaan Ahmad: It could work for me as an individual. It could work for so many like anything and everything. They came to us with a direction that hey we feel that when we go into accounting firms it converts.Philip Dears: That wasHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that was the brief that they gave us. When we kind of did our approach and we understood why that is,Philip Dears: Awesome.Hassaan Ahmad: we understood that operationally there's one thing that is really cumbersome for the accounting forms that it's just a pain in the neck.  
00:48:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's a 20 I'm sure you guys do your your taxes. So, it's logging into government gateway which was the biggest challenge for them.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And once you scale it across accounting firms, each accountant looking at 15 clients, that just adds up.Philip Dears: Okay.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But that message in itself we determined was going to be really weak. Like how do you go and say, "Hey, you know, Mr. Accountant,Philip Dears: HeyHassaan Ahmad: we can save you five minutes per client, you know, when it comes to logging in." Like that's a weak message. That doesn't sell. It doesn't go to a partner wouldn't pay for that. So what we ended up doing was reverting the whole thing and using that as the anchor to build some messaging like this here. So we used that. So we turned that operational inefficiency into P&L effect. We came up with this messaging which as you can see we talked about productivity, compliance, operational chaos, reputation of other things, things that a managing partner cares about but an accountant necessarily doesn't because we just wanted to target the economic buyers.  
00:49:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: So that's the kind of messaging we came up with. We built just one landing page. We left their website as it is. So, one landing page with the message that we thought would resonate really, really well with customers, the people that we want to target. Off the back of that,Philip Dears: NumberHassaan Ahmad: we came up with very specific ad creatives. This is a different one. Um, but then maybe you can find this one here.Philip Dears: one.Hassaan Ahmad: I think it's that. So we found out through our research that when you enter government gateway password too many times, people get locked out. When you get locked out, you're locked out for anywhere between five minutes to three weeks. So we've built a campaign around that. So we use that government gateway friction the anchor, build the landing page, build the creatives, ran the campaign around that, tested it with £1,000. within a,000 pounds. The kind of people that we got were CTO of a top 40 UK accounting firm, managing director of a top 20 UK accounting firm.  
00:50:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and you know, people like that. We only target CXOs. We don't target anyone below that because well, they don't pay the bills.Jamie Norman: ComeHassaan Ahmad: So, if we were to do this,Jamie Norman: on.Hassaan Ahmad: this is kind of the approach that we would take. So research first hypersp specific painkiller messaging as I like to call it creatives that are extremely specific designed for 99% of the people to disqualify themselves 1% to qualify themselves in they come inPhilip Dears: Goodbye.Hassaan Ahmad: the funnel is just frictionless yeah out of the I want to say eight or nine meetings that we generated with that test budget of a thousand six converted into opportunities and if they are you know top 20 top 40 firms we're talking multiple tens of thousands um in potential pipeline impactJamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um that's an example that I think would work for you does that give you an idea of our approach and how we kind of ifJamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we went this what that would lookPhilip Dears: Yeah.  
00:51:53
 Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Jamie Norman: Yeah. I I I think that's the the the thing that we're kind of looking for and obviously there's more of those areas to come into. It's about making sure that we're we're we're heavily focused on the customer that we're after and that type of conver obviously the conversion is the money right but those kind of things are not but really like when we've spoken to other companies in the past what they've done is gone all right you're in hospitality I'll find out what's important to hospitality and then I'll come back and tell you you should be on that right so they might come back go rotoring is dead important it's most important thing it's like well it is and we do a rotor but we're not standing up competing with deputy necessarily But what we are competing with is someone having their whole product their whole product set in one place. So it's it's it's making sure one feeds together as a message.Philip Dears: Thank you.Jamie Norman: That's kind of what I'm getting at. But yeah, that makes perfect sense.  
00:52:44
 Jamie Norman: Hyper specific t, you know, targeted going through all of that again makesHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So based on our understanding then Jamie I think these are the four angles we could go after.Jamie Norman: sense.Hassaan Ahmad: We can't go out well unless you've got unlimited budget I wouldn't recommend going after all of them straight away. Um this is based on my conversation with from what I understood about the market the industry and so forth you know and from the conversation that we've had I mean these things have come up as wellJamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: so if we were to do this we would either pick one of these to runPhilip Dears: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: with as a pilot and then we scale to others unless there's something else that you want us to focusJamie Norman: No, I I I don't know Phil's view. Certainly the top two the the the bottom two are less so. But I don't think it's you know bad having four but you know I'm all right.Philip Dears: Yeah,Jamie Norman: I don't know your  
00:53:40
 Philip Dears: it's it's it's just been an evolution,Jamie Norman: view.Philip Dears: isn't it? So if if if you're talking about an ICP like if you if you really think about it before we go and do a survey if you said tomorrow we have to start or you know we start next week and everything is align the thing about food is it's a message that I believe lands you know people understand five star but that's not all of our customer base so we've got a lot of customers that don't sell food out the thousand which is why I'm saying to you sometimes It's we're probably too close to it because you could be like me forever going in out in out. You know, you just have to jump in and do one. There is an instant message that a lot of people are obviously I always think would be searching for food management, you know, making a job. There's lots of keywords associated with that, right? Or at least a thought process. So that's why I think food if you said to me now we were doing that first plan.  
00:54:37
 Philip Dears: You said we're just going to what do you want to do? And and Phil, you've got to decide this is no survey. This is just not me. I would say we look at the customers who would be the maximum revenue we can get in the quickest possible time would be about 50 to 80 venues. The reason being is that size. I call it 15s. Let's just call it the multiples that are a little bit higher than 20 venues, bit more established, bit more business structure teams. It's because we want to be sold to three or four of them. And if we get another five of them as a salesperson, we've stacked up in cash and we know they pay. We know they pay us regular. They see the value that that's a good overhead for them and they've got the budget. They've got scale and size. So finding them would be perfect. And that's not a big number to have to to have to do in a year.  
00:55:25
 Philip Dears: You know what I mean? It's like, you know, five to 10 of them would be a billion sales generation. But that could all be wrong. Again, it could be more of a sweet spot around the the 20 mark, you know, around that like just lower than that where it was more like a single owner has grown to a certain size from the seven to the 15 number and he just as inundated it were want to grow has no ability to grow. I just can't think of many people who we've sold to like that. But I believe that person would get the most benefit because it's a single point of person getting so much benefit. So I don't know that that's my take on it.Jamie Norman: Uh yeah, I was just I know I know you got I'll just add this and I'll stop talking very quickly.Philip Dears: JJamie Norman: I just seen it's right great 80 sites. Perfect. Let's get those. The larger the business, the longer the sale cycle is and the more difficult and more messaging that's needed.  
00:56:24
 Jamie Norman: And once you start getting to those 80 site sizes, you're talking to a committee, not not a so tradeoff is,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jamie Norman: should we go after 80s? Well, yeah, that'd be brilliant. Or should we go after 20s? Well, I feel like on what we're talking about, which is end to- end stuff, the the slightly smaller business, as Phil said, the person getting more benefit,Philip Dears: Okay.Jamie Norman: they're the better ones to begin with because we get revenue in from them and we use that to then build funnels to go after those larger businesses and,Philip Dears: So,Jamie Norman: you know, also enhance the product. Food safety, do think it's a good message,Philip Dears: Let'sJamie Norman: but I think it's important. It's about right food safety. We did a campaign which we can share data with you on where we gave away a free lead magnet and we got 40 or thou 40 odd thousand engagements with it.Philip Dears: do that.Jamie Norman: Some of the numbers are here sort of um that came through and no one bought the product because they were all the people who were interested in a free food safety guide was someone running a local calf or you know small um event food business or something like that.  
00:57:29
 Jamie Norman: So, they weren't interested in the in at all. They weren't the right customer.Philip Dears: Okay.Jamie Norman: So, that's it. Sorry. And now I'll stop talking now. You got your handsAdnan Khan: No, no, I I think I think all of that actually makes sense.Jamie Norman: up.Adnan Khan: The only thing that I wanted to add to like this whole journey is because we're looking at the entire funnel, it starts from like the creative and in the creative there's not just one message.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: It's like five different messages. We then follow the data to the landing page,Jamie Norman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: right? If that drops off, we know. Then we go into the product, right? And then we know like, oh Jamie, it seems like you're not converting them, right? And then we look at, okay, what is the retention? And then that feeds back, right? You know what I mean?Philip Dears: It is J soft used to this.Adnan Khan: LikeJamie Norman: It must pick up the phone.  
00:58:10
 Philip Dears: It's always Jamie's fault if there's something wrong withJamie Norman: You are right though. Yeah.Adnan Khan: I guess what I guess what I'm trying to say is I guess what I'm trying to say is like because you're coming inJamie Norman: In fact, that'sPhilip Dears: Jamie.Adnan Khan: cold, we want to start at the top of the funnel,Jamie Norman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: right? And you guys already know this.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: And usually what we don't try and do is like just like set it and forget it. We actually review it pretty regularly. We'll talk to you guys. We'll review every two weeks. Um and also we'll you we have a Slack channel so you guys have access to us, we have access to you guys and we'll pass in between.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Um but the biggest thing we often see with people is like oh I started my ads yesterday why don't why hasn'tJamie Norman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: anything happened and I think it's that long sales cycle and you understand that right and that is why we want to touch people multiple times over and over until they're like oh okay I'm going to now book a call and then it's a second and a third and from that so I think that's sort of the prevalence of like the full funnel approach um that I think you we already sort of talked about a bunch  
00:59:04
 Jamie Norman: We we we've got like this this moving log jam. So, we're all talking about the same thing, right? You start off with an ad, it hits a website,Adnan Khan: Okay.Jamie Norman: doesn't convert or or hits a landing page, doesn't convert. You tweet the, you know, and you're kind of moving it down through the process. The interjection we've got in the app is the further down the line of that funnel,Adnan Khan: Right.Jamie Norman: the more effort is to make changes on the whole. There might be some small tweaks in the app but on the whole it's more and more work which is fine and that's what we want toAdnan Khan: Right. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah.Jamie Norman: do but we've got this interjection as well is going well if in the outset you're proving messaging you're proving landing page and you're proving just the side of it then the exit offramp that we've gotPhilip Dears: Yes.Jamie Norman: from this at the moment is people coming to a demo and engaging with customer success which is higher volume for us in terms of human effort but it's not as a case of going we can't start this until this is  
00:59:47
 Adnan Khan: Mhm.Jamie Norman: perfect like we we've got to run and build things up as we go in both sides.Adnan Khan: Right.Jamie Norman: So that that's kind of my my view. I mean I don't want them to have to call customer success. I want to come on land and do it all. But I also know that's quite a a big journey. And if someone's 20 sites, 500 per site,Adnan Khan: Yeah.Jamie Norman: I don't mind that we spend a couple of hours on the phone to them to begin with,Adnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Jamie Norman: you know.Adnan Khan: And so usually usually the way we approach it is like we as much of the funnel as possible we try to own like we can't own onboarding because that's like on your tech stack but but everything from like the like the infrastructure for the ads the creatives the landing page website whatever we just take ownership of that that takes that off your head and so we can we can tweak iterate pretty quickly. Um obviously I think we're we're we're not there at a point where you're going to start to get like product feedback and onboarding feedback.  
01:00:42
 Adnan Khan: We can totally talk about that. So I think I think from like a hot start and a cold start perspective, hot cold start perspective, I think we take a lot of that uh burden up front anyway.Jamie Norman: Yeah, I'm fine with all of that. Um, I know that we're conscious I know you got cancelled. I'm okay for time at the moment. Don't don't know if it is, but I just want to talk actually to because there's definitely next steps from this and things discussed, but um commercials and like how you work and and how this would work overall. So, how do your commercials work? Do you just charge on a per day and you're doing something or is it a contract and we're we're signed to a commitment and then how does it work as well for splitting that into spend on you know advertisingHassaan Ahmad: Great question.Jamie Norman: etc.Hassaan Ahmad: I would love to answer that. Philip, I think you had you wanted to say something orPhilip Dears: No, no, it's it.Hassaan Ahmad: no.  
01:01:36
 Philip Dears: No, I'm completely fine. If you're happy to do the commercial, then they're fine or or address it as a proposal, follow up, whatever.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Philip Dears: I wasn't sure how you done. Don't know if Jamie put you on SP.Hassaan Ahmad: fair.Philip Dears: It's a great great question though. Let's get to it.Hassaan Ahmad: I I like Jamie already.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Philip Dears: Like that. Isn't Jamie with three minutes to go tell me let's goHassaan Ahmad: Um,Philip Dears: commercial?Hassaan Ahmad: we're we're we're okay for time if you guys are. Um, because 3 p.m.Philip Dears: Yeah, I've got three I've got three bosses eyeballing me,Hassaan Ahmad: just so look beforePhilip Dears: but yeah, let's go. We're in the We're in the right stuff now.Jamie Norman: You should doPhilip Dears: Go on.Hassaan Ahmad: the commercials on where to start.Jamie Norman: this.Hassaan Ahmad: That's something. So I've got a view and I I think I kind of agree with you guys that multi-side operations is probably the better place to start simply because that's where the existing success is.  
01:02:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that gives us we're not starting from zero.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We're starting from an established base. Um so we can run our process prove that and use the revenue to then look at the other things. if there's any time pressures or anything like that then then there's ways to to run do things in parallel you know uh but you've got to tell us so it's a very collaborative effort and what we do at the start of anything is just do a big onboarding call usually about one and a half to two hours you guys download everything that you have to us we'll come back with someJamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: more re recommendations some more requirements and so forth and then we just go from there in terms of commercial Jamie. Um this is this is a bit different from our usual way of doing things. So obviously we've got our standard packages which is you know for a grand we'll run your messaging and your you know your your advertisement but that assumes that things are already you know well understood and I feel like that's not the case here.  
01:03:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, we're starting from slightly further back than we would if we were to start on that one grant um proposal. Yeah. When we've done this in the past, we typically charge between two two to 3,000. Yeah. With a portion of revenue share. Um we can talk about that. So, two to 3,000 per month. That is our retainer. Yeah. ad spend if well we would need to inform you on whatJamie Norman: AllHassaan Ahmad: what that is based on which direction we need to go because going for self-s serve or food safety is going to be a much more different play a different channel than going for multi-sight operations. Yeah,Jamie Norman: right.Hassaan Ahmad: typically we recommend that you budget somewhere between you know two and a half to three and a half thousand per month for the pilot. Yeah, it is very difficult and I'm sure most of the agencies if they were legit they would have told you the same thing. Guaranteeing B2B outcomes is very very difficult.  
01:04:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: So what we hold ourselves accountable to is efficient unit economics. What we would be targeting is a very efficient cost per meeting so that you know what it costs you to get that meeting in what the conversion looks like and then you can make any investment decision off the back of that. Yeah. Typically most of our clients see between 100 to£300. Uh the 300 are we're talking 40 50 60,000 ACV. Yeah. The 100 is obviously lower ACV. So all in you're looking at I want to say at least five brand per month. I recommended to Philip that we do just a pilot for three months. That gives you at the end of those three months two or three messaging and angles tested. We really exhausted multi-side operations if we were to do it across all three personas maybe food safety asJamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: well within those three months. Um our success rate is very very high because our approach is extremely forensic. We're we're a bunch of data geeks as you can probably tell.  
01:05:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um extremely forensic approach.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You would know who we've targeted, what message went out, did that message resonate or not, what was the entire funnel metrics and so forth. Um and obviously any asset that we make that's going to be yours. Yeah. So you're looking at between 15 to 20 grand depending on the ad budget for the pilot. Does that meanJamie Norman: Yeah, that that's okay. Phil does the commercials, so you're going to have to strong arm him or he'll strong arm you. So that that's okay. I just wanted to get a rough idea. I was more interested to make sure that we had like what that split was on ad revenues, not ad revenue, sorry, ad spend was. The the final thing is around implementation and then we can wrap up for this one is um we've done email marketing in the past. It's been really unsuccessful. So I just like I'm much more interested in this been sort of online advertising rather than anything else and areas in there.  
01:06:29
 Jamie Norman: So I just want to make sure that lines up and we're not talking about huge email campaigns.Hassaan Ahmad: Um my you know if you were to define my existence in one line it said outbound is dead.Jamie Norman: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah it doesn't work hasn't worked for me in the past five plus years.Jamie Norman: good.Hassaan Ahmad: It used to work pre-co well pre AI even but after AI it's just thatJamie Norman: Yeah, that's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: yes we inbound forJamie Norman: Yeah. Yeah, that's cool. That's good. Um, I don't have any more questions at the moment. Um, it's probably good for for Phil and I to have a catch up at some point, although I'm sure he's got an ice cream tweet and a roller coaster to go on now. So, um, might not be free, but I'll speak to him when he's back. Um, if you got any other bits,Philip Dears: No, no, we just uh we can give you everything.Jamie Norman: PhilPhilip Dears: We've got give you access. I mean again it was more we've we've spoke to quite a few people.  
01:07:24
 Philip Dears: um what is it that lands of what you say um or what made us take the second call except your amazing audible voice um is that I mean I'm I'm confident I mean we've got to invest we're in we're in an area that we just haven't filmed we we if you speak to us we know enough but we just haven't got the capacity to do this see this crew we're looking for people who can just do that and that's that's what I'd say after this call we're definitely on the same page there me and Jamie Um costwise again I'll come back to you but yeah we've got to be spoken of cost suddenly so it's reasonable and um I think what you said at the last call was at the end of three months you'll have something that's being done as a strategy and you've got actual results that you can go off and take forward whether that's to investors any other person showcasing and for ourselves you just know we're not we're not guessing we know we paid to know that this worked or this doesn't work.  
01:08:21
 Philip Dears: UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, absolutely. Phil, um, one one of our clients is using the work that we've done to raise a 20 million well toPhilip Dears: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: raise a series A at a 20 million valuation. So, that data is for you to use and obviously we've got some experience with that. how we if you're looking at an exit or some sort of fund raise, we could help with that as well. Um it what I want to just one last question and then I'll let you guys well two questions and then I'll let youPhilip Dears: specialHassaan Ahmad: go. The one question is you've spoken to plenty of people. Yeah. Do you think that there's enough from this call that you've gotten to give you some confidence that this could work or are there unanswered questions that we could address?Philip Dears: I can answer that based on my interpretation of why it was important for me um without giving it anyway. The key words that you've said align with Jamie's thinking which if you think about what me and Jamie will always discuss will get to a point of like this is deeper than what campaign should we be sending out.  
01:09:30
 Philip Dears: It's a very very structured strategic process data. It's it's and what you've done subliminally and and obviously in your approaches you've addressed them them alignments. I mean even that with outbound dead it's like even if we get some traction and outbound ultimately outbound is dead. this has to be a completely radical approach that we haven't we haven't done. Um, so I'd say there's not there's no stone unturned for me. I think it's it's yeah, it's it's it's it's lined with what we were thinking before theJamie Norman: So I'll add to that.Philip Dears: call.Jamie Norman: Yeah, it it the data, the approach, everything like that is absolutely fine. Um the the the proof is in the building in like the next layer down, right? because I've been here a couple of times with different companies, not with this structure, but the same sort of thing. And the next layer down of really getting to understand our product bring offers to a business is thePhilip Dears: DamnJamie Norman: crucial bit. Because from the outside,  
01:10:22
 Philip Dears: it.Jamie Norman: it it doesn't matter that our website isn't quite right, but you can look at it and go, okay, well, a staff ro there's food, there's there's that. I'm going to sell those three things. That isn't the thing that we sell, although that happens to be part of the product. And it's really getting that crux right because otherwise we're we're putting ourselves in the wrong state set. But everything else I'm I'm fine with more than happy with on on that.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, what would you like to cover? What would you like our next call to be?Jamie Norman: So um for me the next call would be to show you some of the application. I think that's important and show you some of the bits. We won't go through everything. There's 75 features. it will take forever to to to get through but to kind of understand that a little bit I would like to start looking at what data we've got and actually I'm always quite keen that next calls is like stuff happening not another you know hour of chatting is like looking at CRM  
01:11:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: You and me both, right?Jamie Norman: we'll just give you access to what we've got and talk you through now we don't really use a CRM we do have one and we put stuffHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jamie Norman: into it but you might come back and go well I need these five things in there that aren't been shown so we can start getting that together. We can give you access uh atioAdnan Khan: What's the the serum you're using? Okay.Jamie Norman: um we um can give you access to amplitude Google Analytics you know that like get you set up on those things we can start talking through. So for me the next call is kind of some actions not just uh this but if the kickoff is also we want to talk about that messaging piece and we want to get some target customers to go and talk to and all of that lot then that's I'm happy but we can start now you know we've got enough from everything I think like you know what I mean is there's not two more strategy calls  
01:12:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: Jimmy,Philip Dears: Okay,Jamie Norman: really.Hassaan Ahmad: you've described the kickoff to me. So, yeah. So, that's exactly what we do in the kickoff.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um, if that's what you want to do and you want to do this with us, then I would recommend,Philip Dears: f******Hassaan Ahmad: you know, we just, you know, sign a statement of work and get the show on the road. Um if there's questions before that that you need answered,Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: let us know. Yeah. And we can answer those as well.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But everything that you've described is precisely what the kickoff is.Philip Dears: IHassaan Ahmad: So understanding your product, understanding what data you have, seeing if you have case studies, looking at the segments that you work in as well as the cohort. So who's been with you so long? Most people don't have that data. Don't worry if you don't. Right? That's our approach. Use that.  
01:12:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: Then we take away and then we share things like you know this is the messaging that we're thinking about. This is the angle. Do you agree with this? We'll add you to Slack. We'll work async and we'll go fromJamie Norman: Yeah, that's fine. That's cool.Hassaan Ahmad: there.Jamie Norman: Yeah, I'm good with that. Um, I said I think anything from you, Phil.Philip Dears: Uh, no, no. I'm I'm happy with everything. There's no there's nothing.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Philip Dears: If we think of anything, it will come back. ButHassaan Ahmad: Do you want me to send you a statement of work or do you want to have a call beforeJamie Norman: Yeah.Philip Dears: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: that?Philip Dears: statements of where? What? What's that? Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: Uh just goals just a contract basically.Jamie Norman: BPhilip Dears: basically summary of what we said. Yeah. No,Hassaan Ahmad: Right.Philip Dears: send a contact. Yeah. Tell me the terms, how you pay and stuff and I'll just get that sorted separately and then yeah,  
01:13:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: we just an engagement and getHassaan Ahmad: Perfect. I'm going to be on a flight tomorrow. Well, you're traveling anyway.Philip Dears: going.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's put in some time in on Wednesday. Yeah, I will send everything to you before that. If you want, we could discuss that on Wednesday.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If the call's not necessary, we can cancel it and schedule the kickoff.Jamie Norman: Yeah, that'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Jamie Norman: that's get your calendarPhilip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: When works on Wednesday for you guys, 2 p.m. orJamie Norman: up here as well if you want. I don't know if you're okay.Philip Dears: No, I've got a couple. I think there's a couple in I haven't put in. Um,Jamie Norman: You're you're at the Royal Oak inPhilip Dears: generic test. Yeah.Jamie Norman: Wal.Philip Dears: So I can do I can do like uh clearJamie Norman: Yeah, three is fine forHassaan Ahmad: That works forJamie Norman: me.Philip Dears: onAdnan Khan: If you want to I was going to say if you want to do the kickoff kickoff it'll have to be Thursday or Friday.  
01:14:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: you.Adnan Khan: I'll be on the plane on Wednesday.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I know. I know that.Jamie Norman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Now, this is kickoff. Yeah. So, this is kickoff.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Okay,Jamie Norman: Um,Adnan Khan: this is the pre- kickoff.Jamie Norman: that'sPhilip Dears: why don't you do it?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: Yeah. I'm not sure if we need it.Adnan Khan: Okay.Jamie Norman: fine.Philip Dears: I mean again let me come back to I won't just do the kick off this or do we need the ch what do you think it's just basically a a brushing up of the commercials isn't itJamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I meanJamie Norman: So, I want to have a chat. I tell you what I want to talk about.Philip Dears: somethingJamie Norman: I want to talk with I want to see what your commercials are that come over.Hassaan Ahmad: it'sJamie Norman: So, send across that with Phil about the commercials.Philip Dears: Yeah.Jamie Norman: Make sure we're happy with that and then that's it.  
01:15:06
 Jamie Norman: We don't need another meeting on it.Philip Dears: Yeah.Jamie Norman: Like, we're not going to m you about. We just want to make sure we're sorted on those.Philip Dears: Yeah.Jamie Norman: Um, kick off. I'm all right with I on that basis. I can only do Thursday next week.Adnan Khan: Okay.Jamie Norman: I'm off the Friday and the Monday.Philip Dears: Yeah. Let's do Thursday on the same. I've got a few days Thursday. Wednesday's not good.Jamie Norman: So Thursday I'm free all day.Philip Dears: Let's do Thursday off.Jamie Norman: I think Philly well Philly calendar is as well on theAdnan Khan: So, Shassan,Jamie Norman: Thursday.Adnan Khan: I wonder if we put the kickoff in the proper kickoff in on Thursday because everyone's there and then maybe in the meantime uh a contract and commercial that's just an async thread.Philip Dears: Yeah, exactly. Yeah.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Philip Dears: Yeah. Chaps,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: I'm going to have to shoot. I'm so sorry. I've been It's closing now. So, I'm outside walking, too.Jamie Norman: All right.Philip Dears: Um, happy with that yet. Next Thursday, just m in and just add me to it.Jamie Norman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: 10 to 12.Philip Dears: Any not everybodyJamie Norman: You guys,Philip Dears: anytime.Jamie Norman: where are you asHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Jamie Norman: well?Hassaan Ahmad: So currently I'm in London. Well, we're based in London. Adnan's Milton Kees. I'm going to be traveling for a bit. So um I think Adnan,Jamie Norman: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: you're in Portugal.Adnan Khan: I'm in Portugal for the next four days, but I'm back on Wednesday.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we're just taking some time off for you know half term and soJamie Norman: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Same.Hassaan Ahmad: forth.  
Transcription ended after 01:18:26

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
