---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Martin Johnston  – 2025/07/21 10:31 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:38:51.916Z
meeting_date: 2025-07-21T10:03:30.681Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Martin Johnston  - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: I'mMartin Johnston: Hi. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: doing very well. How are you?Martin Johnston: Not bad.Hassaan Ahmad: Can you hear me? Okay.Martin Johnston: Yeah, perfectly. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Wonderful. Martin, that's a beautiful uh backyard that you have. I really like it.Martin Johnston: Oh, thanks. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. So, Martin, thank you for uh for making time for this. I know we spoke a couple of weeks ago. You said you weren't quite ready to have the conversation. So, is is now a good time?Martin Johnston: Yeah. Kind of. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um kind of. What do you mean by that?Martin Johnston: Uh, and it's a great time to have the conversation, but we're not quite ready with the product to launch. But I was going to take you through where we're at.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. All right. Well, that was my plan as well. So, really quickly, I'll introduce myself, right?  
00:00:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: Then I'd love to understand a bit about what is it that you guys are trying to do. I looked at the website obviously it says um join the weight list so I don't have much information. SoMartin Johnston: IHassaan Ahmad: I'dMartin Johnston: haveHassaan Ahmad: love toMartin Johnston: notHassaan Ahmad: understandMartin Johnston: yet. I get that.Hassaan Ahmad: so so what the product does um what is your plan to take it to market right and where do you feel uh the highest leverage for you would be for somebody like usMartin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and then you know we can have an open discussion around you know what if any a potential next step might look like. Does thatMartin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: sound okay?Martin Johnston: Yeah. Yeah. Sounds great.Hassaan Ahmad: Perfect. So Martin, really quickly then, so I'm Hassan. I run sales at Remoteier, right? And what we do at Remote here is help early stage companies who are anywhere between seed to series A. Refine what their ICP needs to be.  
00:01:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: Come up with the right messaging that resonates with that ICP and gets them to take a call to action. Right?Martin Johnston: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Execute that. So test that message me messaging validate that and execute that through either paid channels or manual channelsMartin Johnston: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and then ultimately at the end the outcomes that we can deliver are either just leads or full end toend sales done for you. So you you get revenue at the end. Yeah. InMartin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: a nutshell this is what we do. But that's uh that's just me. How about yourself?Martin Johnston: Um, well, let me shall I take you through what we're trying to doHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Martin Johnston: andHassaan Ahmad: GoMartin Johnston: thenHassaan Ahmad: for it.Martin Johnston: and then you'll have the context to the rest of the conversation.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, sounds good.Martin Johnston: Right. So, what's the best thing to show? I'll probably show you this. Right. So, So, we're currently building this.  
00:02:52
 Martin Johnston: Can you see this?Hassaan Ahmad: I can. Yeah, now I can.Martin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Martin Johnston: So, so we look, so the idea being that sustainability is complex. So is measuring it, right? So the idea being that um 89% of UKmemes never publish sustainability reports. We know that sustainability is as a concept too often too big, too overwhelming, too disconnected from the day-to-day priorities, which basically means that many businesses just avoid it altogether. The ones that do do it are often faced with greenwashing and misclaims. Does that make sense?Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Martin Johnston: Yeah. And then the ones that don't do it uh really just don't have the time or the cost um budgets attached to it because to do sustainability accredititation involves like BC Corp takes nine months to do. It's thousands of manh hours and and people just switch off.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Martin Johnston: But then you have e of artists which is like you know for big businesses it takes over 100 man hours to complete and then it takes human bias and six six weeks later they get a score um uh or you go down an ESG rating methodology and what that happens is it's it's often linked to high level consultancy and that high level of consultancy really creates a barrier for sustainability to be adopted amongst many businesses.  
00:04:16
 Martin Johnston: isHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Martin Johnston: so we're trying to make sustainability more accessible, easier to understand, simpler to achieve and do. So what we've done is we've redefined what sustainable business is as literally one that doesn't put its own risk at future and therefore in order to do that we're creating a tool which gives every business a simple affordable incredible way to measure, manage and monitor their sustainability commitments. So, we're building the UN of the basically the world's first univers universal credibility score for sustainability,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Martin Johnston: which is accessible to businesses of all sizes. Um, it's fast, it's affordable, it's transparent, it harnesses AI. Um, so we basically go out, we um search for verified, publicly available information.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Martin Johnston: um where most organizations that ask for sustainability accredititation, they fill in forms. We've removed all of that process.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Martin Johnston: So we collect the data, we verify against company's house and we reproduce a credibility score that actually is produced in six minutes and not 9 months. Um we then have the ability to sell reports.  
00:05:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: Huh?Martin Johnston: So you can buy a report on a company or you have the ability to take the monitoring monitoring monthly subscription to help build your credit credibility score.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Martin Johnston: Um so we can then help businesses navigate a shifting landscape.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Martin Johnston: Um we're fast, we're affordable, we're transparent. Um we're looking for design partners right now.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Martin Johnston: Um so this is what we're doing. So basically what we're trying to do is not trying we're going to build a platform where proc procurement can use it so they can buy a credibility report like just for a credit report on an organization except it's sustainability attached to it so that we can see if they're credible or not. Um and then if the companies who are SMMES want to actually build their credibility score, they can take the monthly monitoring subscription andHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Martin Johnston: then we're going to build tools to help them build the score. If you're a big organization, the monitoring process will be if if you you can then spot the risks and you can do something about them.  
00:06:40
 Martin Johnston: If your if other people are saying wrong things about your brandHassaan Ahmad: Huh?Martin Johnston: or um or the fact that your claims are mismanaged, then you can actually take the management back into your own hands and actually address what people are saying. In terms of greenwashingHassaan Ahmad: All right. Interesting. So um well firstly I think that's a really interesting concept. What kind of publicly available information are you leveraging to to come up with this score?Martin Johnston: uh everything from websites, social media, um annual reports that are absolutely listed at company's house.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Martin Johnston: Um and then we're taking APIs from all of them and putting them all together.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. And you mentioned some customer sentiments some reviews and stuff. So is that part of it as well?Martin Johnston: No, no, no. We're trying to remove sentiment. Um but we there will be social media aspect.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Martin Johnston: So we'll take their own social media channels and then obviously we've got to build this and grow it.  
00:07:42
 Martin Johnston: So it's it's it's Google 0.1 not even 1.0 right now.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: Um butHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Martin Johnston: the idea being that you know we the bigger it grows and the better it becomes. We can we can then get the AI to start filtering and then what it will do is it will it basically becomes a an experion for business but for sustainability commitments.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: So if it, you know, if if they get someone says, "Well, they're not doing that." Um, we can highlight it and show it as a as a as a misclaim on a dashboard to an organization and they can they can address it and manage it, butHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Martin Johnston: it's it's not there to pill a business. It's there to help them.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: So it'sHassaan Ahmad: Oh,Martin Johnston: a B2B platformingHassaan Ahmad: I like it. And who do you anticipate your customers are going to be? So you mentioned procurement firms. Oh, procurement functions.Martin Johnston: because customers are different to the decision makers.  
00:08:30
 Martin Johnston: SoHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Martin Johnston: head of finance or head of risk will buy the product then the customers will be the sustainability managers, they'll be um uh head of corporate affairs, they'll be um brand managers looking at the whole thing from a monitoring perspective. And then from a build perspective for SMMES, it's going to be you know like the the people who want to implement sustainability to ensure that they keep their contracts going to make sure that they can measure and manage progress and keep you know keep the procurement process going because like for example the NHS are now asking for social value from even a small theme which is turning over 5 million quid. So they'll be able to prove it.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. And that was going to be my next question. So, what what would encourage or force or drive a small and medium enterprise to uh to have a score like that?Martin Johnston: umHassaan Ahmad: OfMartin Johnston: well the UK green claims code. So, can you just bear with me one second  
00:09:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: course.Martin Johnston: while chilling? I'm going to meet him. Come down. All right. You say stop barking there. Sorry, my dog's going. Um, so you have two drivers to this actually. Legislation.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Martin Johnston: So, um, if a small to mediumsiz enterprise, um, on their website, they're no longer allowed to say they're sustainable or they're carbon neutral or their products are X or Y or zed. You have to justify and verify it.Hassaan Ahmad: Huh?Martin Johnston: Um, and you can get fined quite a lot of money. Now um CSRD corporate social responsibility directive out of EUHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Martin Johnston: means that um big organizations um who are dealing with Europe now have to report this stuffHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: which basically means when you cascade that through the supply chain even anme has to show that it's doing it to the bigger organization. So procurement are now demanding this. So there's two drivers really. Um legislation from the big corporates driving it down through their cascading supply chains or  
00:10:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Martin Johnston: legislation itself from UK green claims code um to make sure that you know even anme has to be compliant.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah, I think it plays very nicely into the scope three emissions reduction bit, right? BecauseMartin Johnston: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah, the so scope one, scope two, everybody's pretty much taken care of that or figured out how to. It's the scope three which is the elusive beast. And what I'm hearing is if I were to summarize it is that this gives a quick credible way for companies to one understand what their scope 3 emissions are like and two partner with their you know their their partners their suppliers to to reduce them in a way that is cost effective.Martin Johnston: It does I mean what it doesn't do is it doesn't show the actual commitment um of of the measurement of the scope 2 or one itselfHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: but it shows the credibility of whether an organization is committed to doing it or not.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Martin Johnston: Um, and that's what nobody's measuring.  
00:11:41
 Martin Johnston: So, for example, like I used to run a I used to be an underwriter. So, the idea being that if if you Hassan want to go and get a loan from a bank, I can go on I can look at you and say, "Right, yes, you are you are who you say you are, you've got a bank account, you're on the electoral role. Um, I can look at your history, your credit history, and I can go, you paid your credit cards on time every month, blah blah blah blah blah, and and I believe in what you're saying.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: That's what we're doing for sustainability. We're making organizations believe in what they're saying because the higher with the problem with ESG scores are it's unverifiable data.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Martin Johnston: More often than not, the higher the ESG score, the higher the risk to greenwashingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: because it's not it's made up. andHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: no one's checking it. So we're the we're you know we're taking we're automating the checking process.  
00:12:36
 Martin Johnston: So we're saying well if your organization says this here but your annual report at company's house says this here we show them the mis we show them the m disc m disc m disc m disc m disc m disc m disc m disc m disc m disc miscre the discrepancies between the data points and thenHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: they manage it themselves. So, you know, you can believe in the Earth rating score because it's verifiably checked.Hassaan Ahmad: That's very interesting. So I used to sell um you might have come across this VGIS for Moody's uh which was the rating agency angle of a rating agency approach to ESG scoring and ESG ratings so to speak. And yeah it was a very manual process. It took forever. I think the universe when I left Moody's was about 3,000 companies and they were trying to use some sort of proxies to come down to the othermemes butMartin Johnston: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: the approach was very numbers based so it was news numbers uh butMartin Johnston: I hopeHassaan Ahmad: yeah  
00:13:34
 Martin Johnston: so.Hassaan Ahmad: I think the verification bit was a problem that they weren't thinking about or they weren't solving at that point and I think it was to an extent about the maturity of the customers as well like at that point the biggest challenge that and that I'm talking about about two years ago, three years agoMartin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that point the biggest challenge that the customers were trying to solve was the data isn't there, you know, so how do we know if our counterparty that we're going to do trade with or do business with? H how do we know that they're going to help us orMartin Johnston: Yeah. So this is theHassaan Ahmad: fromMartin Johnston: point. SoHassaan Ahmad: ourMartin Johnston: this is the idea being that you know we can fill in the information gapHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: because if anme isn't reporting on this sort of stuff they can clearly see through our transparent methodology what they need to report onHassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Martin Johnston: and startHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: doing it.  
00:14:21
 Martin Johnston: So we're also becoming a data center uh for organizations to actually showcase how they should be doing it so they can learn from the bigger organizations and DIY sustainability withoutHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Martin Johnston: being a massive amount of consultancy.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. And I can see it playing into a lot of different things, right? Obviously more sustainable organizations get better talent in rightMartin Johnston: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: they get new business if you want to apply to a Tesco for example you've got to have that rightMartin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you want to do any business with the government or anything like that you need to haveMartin Johnston: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: these metrics in so yeah okay I could see I could see the push and the pull factor which isMartin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: easyMartin Johnston: It's good that you've got the background.Hassaan Ahmad: yeahMartin Johnston: Hassan, can you just tell Tish what your background is?Hassaan Ahmad: um Who's Tesh?Martin Johnston: She's a co-director. Hello. Hi.Hassaan Ahmad: Hi.Martin Johnston: Sorry.  
00:15:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hi. I'm Hassan. So my background as I was talking about uh was by the way phenomenal product that you built uh or you're building. So I used to sell Vio Iris ratings for what is now Moody's Analytics.Martin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So Vij Iris and 47 were the two companies that they acquired. And VIS in particular was doing what the rating agency does for credit ratings for ESG. So their approach was very much analystled where they would interview the top 3,000 companies or so right they would try to give them a questionnaire get understanding of what their you know environmental social governance umMartin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: policies were etc etc they would apply uh analytical lens to that and they would turn out rating at the end. When I left Moody's about two and a half years ago, um the problem that Moody's was trying to solve was take that approach and use theMartin Johnston: Oh.Hassaan Ahmad: financial information that they had on the other millions of companies to come up with an ESG proxy.  
00:16:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: But because the information at that time was just financial, the proxy was okay. It was taking into account, hey, do you have a a politically exposed director and does that lower your governance score for example, right? That was the kind of problem they were trying to solve. But I don't remember it being aligned with what you guys were doing, which is, you know, this is what you're saying on the website. This is what you your annual report saying, that's where the disconnect is and you know, that's how it's impacting.Martin Johnston: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: So, yeah, that's uh that's my background. Did that for three and a half years. sold those solutions to the likes of seals investment management um CBRE investment management because they had a mandate at that time. So their CEO signed them up for UN global compact which forced companies to well have better business practices and and you know this played quite nicely into that.Martin Johnston: Thank you. Great. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:17:08
 Martin Johnston: Cool. So, this is um so this is what um this is the sales platform. Oh, the sales. Sorry, I just was Yeah. Yeah. I've heard about Yeah. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: so I was just going to get some background and then Yeah. So, so do you can you see what I'm interested in is the the 3,000 a month end to end solution.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. What does end to end mean for you?Martin Johnston: You actually get us revenue.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Good. So, yeah. So, as I mentioned in the beginning, what we do is we take companies um from the inception all the way down to revenue, right? And what that entails is because you've got a deck and your website's not there, um we could actually start with that. So, we could take your debt uh your deck and we could think about who the ICD needs to be, right? So, the same conversation and the same kind of brainstorming that doing right now.  
00:17:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, where's the supply coming from from supply side? Where's the demand side coming from? who cares about this problem and why do they care about it? Right? So, we go through that entire practice and we come up with a landing page. Right? Now, a landing page is different from a website in the sense that landing pages entire job is to make people take an action. Right? So, you have a call to action and the landing page's job is to get that action. Yeah. So we'll build that landing page and using that landing page we will try to generate leads for you in the first instance and once we have those qualified leads I can put in a seller who would qualify them and who would try to take you to revenue right keep on using the word try because it really would be a try it would be a matter of calibration in the first kind of it's validation and calibration that needs to happen to make sure that we're landing ing the right message with the right people at the right time and  
00:19:01
 Martin Johnston: What I like about you, you know, you've got the you've got the ESG background, so you you know, we should be in a good place with yourself.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah. So the team that I have is so it's it's going to be me who looks after things from a sales and messaging standpoint, right? So I'll help build the ICP, the messaging, the offer, right? Then I've got a partner who is who has very senior experience from one of the fangs. So one of the tech companies, he'll build the design side of things. So he will take that messaging and he will solve the design challenge. So how do we convey that problem in a really succinct way to a customer or to a prospect so that in 3 seconds or less they can make a decision on whether they want to spend more time learning about you or not. Yeah. together. What we then do is we take those offers and we put the first couple of months of revenue that we make from you back into validating those offers.  
00:19:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? I'm not one of those guys who's going to say, "Hey, 30 meetings or you don't pay." Right? I know that's unsubstantiated. What I'm saying is I'll take the money from you and I will invest them back and I'll give you real-time visibility on the metrics. Right? So you will know how for how much money spent. you're able to see what your customer acquisition looks like, what the entire funnel looks like. So, how many customers are coming in? What does it cost you? What does it cost you to take a meeting? How many of those meetings convert? And at each point, where the drop offs are, right? So, if the meetings aren't converting, we would know what message or what problem to fix and so forth. And through that collaborative approach in the you know after two two-ish months we should be in a position where we have a consistent stream of meetings coming in and a consistent uh we would have the first few deals in a cycle for you.  
00:20:48
 Hassaan Ahmad: I think there is two distinct ICP. The first one is SMMES where I imagine the cycle is going to be really small right two weeks 3 weeks but the bigger money or the bigger chunk of deals are going to come from the large enterprise space who would who would encourage the smaller entitiesMartin Johnston: Yeah, exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: score those deal cycles can be long right so they would take a few months but we can start them in the first couple of monthsMartin Johnston: And so, so the leads, uh, do you have a database of leads? How do you, how do you lead, Jen?Hassaan Ahmad: So in my experience, Tish, uh the best way like a database doesn't work.Martin Johnston: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: It's very easy to get a database, right? You could get a $79 79 pound subscription toMartin Johnston: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: sales navigator. It will give you a list of 3,000 sustainability managers or people associated with that in the UK alone. Right? The problem is breaking through the noise, right? Because you and Moody's and 10 other companies are trying to sell to them at the same time, right?  
00:21:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, we don't take a database approach because it doesn't work anymore, right? What works now is you have to inspire them to take an action just as you guys clicked on our ad and you clicked on that, right? And and that approach requires a good offer and a good message.Martin Johnston: Yeah, did you? You didn't click on It wasn't a profile ad, was it? It was not. Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And and that's what we do, right?Martin Johnston: Yeah. So, LinkedIn ad, was it? Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: ItMartin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: wasn't LinkedIn ad. And for you, it would be the same.Martin Johnston: Yeah. So, it's a it's a And is that a paid one or non-paid?Hassaan Ahmad: It's a paid ad.Martin Johnston: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, we'd invest the first couple of months, as I said, um of the retainer that would make from you back into those ads, right? So, the first couple of months, you wouldn't spend any money.  
00:22:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: That would be just for us to see if we've got the right messaging and if we've got the right offer. Yeah.Martin Johnston: So, how much would that cost?Hassaan Ahmad: The It's 3,000. That's it.Martin Johnston: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: YouMartin Johnston: SoHassaan Ahmad: pressMartin Johnston: I haveHassaan Ahmad: 3,000.Martin Johnston: my So could you um what I'd like you to do is talk this through with our CFO.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Martin Johnston: Um so I can actually put this cost into a business plan.Hassaan Ahmad: Sounds good.Martin Johnston: Um would you run? We're trying to get We've got two-prong approach to this at the moment. We're first of all trying to sign up design partnersHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Martin Johnston: paying between five and 10 grand so that they can actually contribute to the product.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. In what way?Martin Johnston: So they can contribute to the product. They can actually shape the questions that we're asking. They can then, you know, input into the dashboard.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay.  
00:23:32
 Martin Johnston: Um, and we want to get like 10 of them.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Martin Johnston: We've got one already,Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Martin Johnston: aHassaan Ahmad: Who'sMartin Johnston: bit a big one called So Multiplex have signed up.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Martin Johnston: Um, is there any way you could come up with a package for us to help us get those design partners? and and investors. Oh, not yet. No,Hassaan Ahmad: What do you have in mind?Martin Johnston: I don't know. That's why I wanted to talk to you.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll have to think about it. Um, leave that with me. Let me have a think aboutMartin Johnston: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: it.Martin Johnston: cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, so that's one. What's the other one?Martin Johnston: And then the other one was once that's once that's happened, we then want to get investors.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Martin Johnston: So our ICP is slightly different right now. We're at pre-product launch. So we've got an ICP of design partners, an ICP of investors.  
00:24:31
 Martin Johnston: Would you help us to maybe, you know, think that solution through for us prior to product launch? So you, you know, from the beginning you get involved.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, what kind of funding are you looking for?Martin Johnston: We only need from from the from if we get the design partners, we need between five and 10 grand. That will give us 100. So that'll get the product built really easily. And then the investors, we probably just need I don't know 200 250 to get us going.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Martin Johnston: So 10 10 angel investors at 20 grand.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean, yeah, I could reach into my network and see, but yeah, I mean, that's that's a problem that can be solved, right? I mean, both problems can be solved with good visibility, right? If if you have a good product,Martin Johnston: Yeah. And also, you know, what I like about is the brainstorming of the messages to those people.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah. And that's that's the core part of what we do, right?  
00:25:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: So I would take this problem one step at a time. The first problem that we'd solve is getting you some revenue so that you know when you are in those investor conversations, you're negotiating from a position of strength.Martin Johnston: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Um so we can solve that problem certainly. I think 10 is a realistic goal to have. Typically what we aim for is about one to two meetings, sometimes three meetings a week with your qualified ICP, right?Martin Johnston: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And the qualified bit is really important because um you could have 20 meetings a week,Martin Johnston: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: butMartin Johnston: I'mHassaan Ahmad: ifMartin Johnston: 19.Hassaan Ahmad: they're not going Yeah, exactly.Martin Johnston: Yeah, IHassaan Ahmad: YouMartin Johnston: gotHassaan Ahmad: wantMartin Johnston: it.Hassaan Ahmad: to you want to economize and optimize the time that you're spending in those meetings. So between one and three meetings a week means you should be putting one one opportunity in the pipeline every week. Yeah. One to two if you're doing that.  
00:26:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: And then it depends on your sales cycle. So how long did it take you to close the sales cycle the sale with the multiplexMartin Johnston: Oh, a week.Hassaan Ahmad: a week? Okay. What's their revenue? How big are they?Martin Johnston: The How big are they?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: Oh, they're massive. They built Wembley Stadium. They're construction company.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Martin Johnston: So, for five grand it, you know, it's literally just um youHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Martin Johnston: know, to them.Hassaan Ahmad: Discretionary spend for them.Martin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, how did you come across him? Was thatMartin Johnston: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: network orMartin Johnston: I've worked with them in the past and I know the sustainabilityHassaan Ahmad: Okay,Martin Johnston: directive.Hassaan Ahmad: very interesting. Would he be or she be willing to have a conversation with us and walk us through their decision on why they bought? What what what was the problem they were trying to solve? what kind of results  
00:27:15
 Martin Johnston: I'veHassaan Ahmad: they'veMartin Johnston: gotHassaan Ahmad: seenMartin Johnston: I'veHassaan Ahmad: before.Martin Johnston: got uh it's in the deck. I'll show you. But yes, she wouldHassaan Ahmad: Okay, good.Martin Johnston: Look, there you go.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Amazing.Martin Johnston: But she would definitely 100% have a 10-minute conversation with you. She's lovely. But I also know for the design partners um procurement has they they have I know they would also be interested because procurement no they're customers down the line. I don't know but they also they invest in things like this toolsHassaan Ahmad: What's this person's title?Martin Johnston: head of sustainability.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Interesting. Okay. Look, so for 10 design partners, we're looking at a minimum of 30 meetings, right? Which need to be generatedMartin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: if it works, which it should. Uh we're looking at 10 to 12 month engagement. So yeah, sorry. 10 to 12 week engagement.Martin Johnston: Yeah, exactly. Yeah,  
00:28:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So 10 to 12 week engagement should give you a really good signal of where this is going and um not just signal it should put the few first few meetings in in the pie but we really absolutely have to start off with the messaging rightMartin Johnston: absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: because outside of your networks if we're going to go out we really have to nail it it's good that you've got the ICP you've got somebody who is a sustainability humanityMartin Johnston: sec. Sorry. Hey, Rich. Rich. Um, I'm I'm just on the phone to remoteier. Um, can I call you back in five minutes, but I do need to talk to you? Yeah. Oh s***. Okay, cool. I'll call you in literally five minutes. Bye.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Is that your CFO?Martin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Look, um it sounds like there's alignment. So, why don't we set up some time with him and yourselves, right?Martin Johnston: Yeah.  
00:29:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: UmMartin Johnston: And work out what what does that 10 to 12 week engagement look like? How do we get the messaging out there? How do we start selling this into design partners as because then actually you know what I really like about you guys is you could become our partner from the very beginning right the way through and then you'll really understand the product and I I thinkHassaan Ahmad: yeah,Martin Johnston: uh with your background with the Moody's background with ESG ratings background I think it would be great. I really do.Hassaan Ahmad: I I definitely think so. So what we will do in the next session is everything that you just said. I'll show you a couple of examples on where we've done that in the past, right? So how do we go from messaging to the actual landing page to the actual campaign and so forthMartin Johnston: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and that should inspire some confidence in in the ability to do so and the kind of results that you can see. So let's have that conversation.Martin Johnston: All right.  
Transcription ended after 00:30:52

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
