---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Peter x Hassaan - Meeting – 2026/03/09 15:55 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-09T17:14:26.402Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-09T16:29:41.156Z
---


Peter x Hassaan - Meeting - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Pete, good. Hey, can you hear me?Pete Taylor: I'm good. Yeah, I can hear you. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm good. How are you?Pete Taylor: Very well, thankHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Pete Taylor: you.Hassaan Ahmad: So, Pete, thanks for taking the time. I see your noteaker joined as well. Good. You have the full house.Pete Taylor: I do indeed. Yeah, I've got the team.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. How have you been?Pete Taylor: All good, man. Yeah, very good.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Good stuff. So, thanks for getting in touch. Loved um loved looking at your website as well as your Insta, man. I had uh when I took the meeting, I didn't think that I would find what I did. So, good job, man. It seems like you've got a really good thingPete Taylor: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: going.Pete Taylor: There's some there's some good things going on for sure. There's some assets being  
00:01:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. So,Pete Taylor: built.Hassaan Ahmad: what prompted you to make the meeting and uh get in touch?Pete Taylor: I saw your ad.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Pete Taylor: Yeah. Yeah. I I like the simplicity of it. And I've done LinkedIn ads before, actually, just back end of last year. And you know, I'm looking to be honest, I'm looking just to install a system to get me leads,Hassaan Ahmad: Good.Pete Taylor: right? That's what I'm looking for.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Pete Taylor: And you know, I have my system right at the moment isn't really much of a system. It's I get leads from here, from here, from here. And uh no, no shorefire. This is the one. It pulls in um good leads. I haven't got that. So, and I'm looking to run ads. I saw your I saw your ad.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Pete Taylor: I was like, f****** There youHassaan Ahmad: You know, that's that's when I know that I've done it,  
00:02:14
 Pete Taylor: go.Hassaan Ahmad: right? When people come to the call and they're like, "That's what I was looking for. That's what you said on the 10." Good. Great. Well, you know,Pete Taylor: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: we can run ads for you, right? But I just before I get into that and, you know, start telling you everything that we would do, I want to understand where you want to get to, right? You want to install a system, but what's the end goal? What are you lookingPete Taylor: Okay, so this I I've recently launched this CEO mastermind,Hassaan Ahmad: for?Pete Taylor: the one I mentioned in the message. Literally, I launched it like last month and I'm this year. I'd love to get a hundred guys in that mastermind. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Pete Taylor: it's brand it's brand spanking new. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Pete Taylor: I'd love to get 100 men in it.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, what's the ticket ticket ticketPete Taylor: Okay. So,Hassaan Ahmad: price?  
00:03:07
 Pete Taylor: the ticket price is going to go from 5,800 for the first 10 to get themHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Pete Taylor: in and then I'll I'll I'll put it up to 12 grand.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. We're talking yearly commitment,Pete Taylor: Yes. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: correct?Pete Taylor: Yes. 12 monthHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Pete Taylor: mastermind.Hassaan Ahmad: And you're looking for 100 guys. So, is there a revenue target in mind?Pete Taylor: Well, you know, I'd love to do seven figures with it with that particular um asset. I I I know that the guys that join that,Hassaan Ahmad: OfPete Taylor: they will like me they will likely join me doing other things for sure.Hassaan Ahmad: course, there's always going to be the upside potential, right? Okay.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But would you say so 100 guys, half a mill fairPete Taylor: Uh yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: target?Pete Taylor: I mean, you know, after the first 10, like I said, I get 10 and charge them 5,800 and then I willHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:04:06
 Pete Taylor: probably do 20% increments on the price until I get to 12 grand. So, yeah, between half a million to 750 grand in its firstHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Pete Taylor: year.Hassaan Ahmad: I just put that on my sheet. 750. Okay, good. So,Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we're looking for 100 people to sign up. Um, the math checks out. What's your close rate been?Pete Taylor: my clothes, you know, I'm not tracking it. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Pete Taylor: close rate is good when when I when I have someone that's qualified and someone that has seen a bit of my work,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Pete Taylor: then my close rate's very good. Like they if they don't buy now,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Pete Taylor: they're buying three months.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: Um, you know, an example is two I'll give you two examples actually just just recently where I've seen like hm I need to build some other assets is that I spoke to a guy literally just before you. We connected on LinkedIn and he just messaged me saying can we do a call and so I did a call with him and uh he's like I read your profile sounds like you're talking to me.  
00:05:17
 Pete Taylor: I um and he told me all of his problems. I'm like, "Yeah, I can absolutely help." And and he said, he said, "Oh, have you got I'd love to see have you got testimonials of other guys that you work with?" I'm like, "Yeah, I've got a lot." And he did say, he goes, he goes, "I I could see them not wanting to give you testimonials because the work you do is so intrusive and so personal." I'm like, "Yeah, I do get that, but I have also got a lot of testimonials I can give you." this guy, I booked him for a call next week or booking in for a call next week anyway. But it was like he wanted to he didn't he doesn't know me from Adam. He's brand f****** spank. He's brand spanking new. And then the other guy who I spoke to a couple of days ago, I did a talk uh last week and he saw me do the talk and then we got on the call and I made him an offer on the call and he said, "Oh, let me think about it. like I feel like I don't you know I only just I saw you talk for 30 minutes and now we're on the call and I I don't know whether I know you enough  
00:06:14
 Pete Taylor: to because I want to have a look around your website and that and I'm like the website's not really going to giveHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: you much more than what this is here. So I I you know with cold traffic you know that is something that IHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: do need to consider is the them buying into me once they've listened to my stuff and watched my stuff and then then they buy into me and they're like oh yeah we we'll do we'll come we'llHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Pete Taylor: we'llHassaan Ahmad: absolutely.Pete Taylor: joinHassaan Ahmad: What I found the most incredible about you is just the base that you've built. Like the foundations are really strong. You've got some really good content on your Insta. I was surprised to see the testimonials as well because that would have been my thought that you know the work that you do is quite intimate. You know people might be a bit unwilling or you know a bit hesitant but m you've got some great testimonials. So, it's all the content that we can use to, you know, build that brand and put you more out there for the cold traffic.  
00:07:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: It's coming in through another channel and we're capturing it. That's great. You know,Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that's going to accelerate their path to hitting a button with you and, you know, having a call. But for the wider majority, the people who don't know Peter today, we've got to educate them, right? We've got to bring you in on their feeds. We've got to bring you in front of them. And in my experience, your ICP, the people that you're going to target, uh, the CEOs and so forth, they are the first touch needs to be on LinkedIn. That's where they get to know you from. If you've got a capture mechanism, which we'll, you know, you probably already do. If not, we'll build that. We can target them and then we bring them through um, we retarget them on Meta and everywhere else as well.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you talked about building a system. That's what that system would look like,Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Pete Taylor: Yeah.  
00:08:04
 Pete Taylor: I do I do know. Sorry to interrupt you, mate.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: Like I know that my clients are on Instagram. Like all of my current clients that have come in from like wherever world,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Pete Taylor: they all watch my stories. Um and so I know they're there. But I but I but but I'm like the I want to focus on LinkedIn. Like I I don't want to build load multiple platforms. I'd rather have a solid base on on LinkedIn but use ads so I don't have to create more stuff to target them on Yeah. to retarget. ForHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. So on that,Pete Taylor: sure.Hassaan Ahmad: it's often a matter of when you're asking somebody to spend 7,500 with you and they don't know you, you have to take them along a journey of them being unaware to a stage where they're willing and eager to buy from you or speak with you, right? And you build that through layering credibility and trust.  
00:09:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: You start at one place, then they see you on Instagram or then they see you somewhere else. And that just subconsciously in their mind gives them the the feeling, gives them the vibe that you're everywhere, right? You're omniresent. And the ad platforms are so good that they help us capture who's visiting, right? who's clicking on your website, who's watching a video, and then help them infer intent from it, and we can continuously target them from there. So, absolutely, we can start from LinkedIn, but I think we'll be missing a trick given the amount of content that youPete Taylor: Oh, for sure. Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: have.Pete Taylor: I def like I'd f****** love to master Instagram and and it was just a decision I had to make recently.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: I'm like, f****** I'll keep doing stuff on Instagram. I'm doing stuff on LinkedIn. I've got a bit of I'm like just f******Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Pete Taylor: focus on one. But I'd love to get get itHassaan Ahmad: absolutely.  
00:09:53
 Pete Taylor: all.Hassaan Ahmad: Look, um we'll we'll do it in phases, right? We will start with LinkedIn and on LinkedIn, as I mentioned in the messages, I think it's critical that we start doing some thought leadership as well. For some reason, you're the weakest there, right? You know, you're putting some personal posts out there, but if you're launching a new product, you need to be talking about it. you need to be talking about the philosophy behind it and so forth. So that's the content. We'll just draft it for you. Um you can put it out there. We'll put some money behind it. That helps us capture the top layer of intent. And then we start targeting people with the we call them conversion ads. Ads that help them or make them make a decision,Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Pete Taylor: And on on the the ad strategy itself, on the conversion ads, is that pointing them towards booking a call or is it pointing them towards collecting their data or what?  
00:10:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: What's your conversion mechanism today? You you you want to get them on a call, right?Pete Taylor: For sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, that's what we'll do. I have a strong aversion to just getting people to visit a website or something like that because well, clicks don't pay my bills, right? I'm sure they don't pay yours as well. So, I want to get them I want them to see your post, start seeing the name PT Taylor appear on their feeds as they're scrolling. Get them curious enough so they get to a website. And on the website, I I want there to be a call to action, which is book a call or do this assessment. I did your assessment, by the way. That's really good. Um, so it's something like that that helps you capture intent. I like the book a call mechanism the most because it shows the highest degree of intent. You'll get a lot of people like me who would do the assessment and then you need someone to chase them and so forth, right?  
00:11:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: I want to bypass all of that. I I like it when people get on a call. The result that you should expect is that it should be fewer number of people booking the call as it would be taking the assessment.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But that's by design. That's a feature, not a bug.Pete Taylor: Yeah. For sure. Cuz when I ran ads before on LinkedIn last year, it was essentially collecting their data and then I would call them and hey, like I got a return on investment from it, but it was a lot f****** essent. It wasn't not cold calling per se because they know that I'm there's going to be a phone call and they filled out the D,Hassaan Ahmad: work.Pete Taylor: but still it's like f****** calling calling calling people not answering or calling. Who's this?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: and I'm on the back foot.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: I don't I don't likeHassaan Ahmad: build a form or done an assessment or something,Pete Taylor: that.Hassaan Ahmad: then you have to go through the whole pitch again.  
00:12:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: It's not the best return onPete Taylor: No, it's not. The thing is is that,Hassaan Ahmad: investment.Pete Taylor: you know, if I do capture the their their numbers, I can get my PA to call them. That's like, you know, if I do it in the future, my PA will call them.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: Um, soHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Look, so I I would want to bypass that in the stance, right? Get people in through the door.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: There's demand capture and demand generation. Your posts will do the demand generation piece. The website and the conversion ads need to do the capture, right? If you set it up, right,Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: which we're pretty good at doing, you should get some really high intent people. Right.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: You're the third CEO I'm speaking with today. Uh just because the system works, right? Good. Um,Pete Taylor: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: it sounds like there is something for us to work there.  
00:13:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: What kind of budget are you thinking about spending?Pete Taylor: You tell me, mate. Um, I don't know where what did I spend before. So, before when I did the ads last year, it was either 50 or 75 pounds a day.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Pete Taylor: Um, yeah. I mean, I'd be able to f****** pull it up and show you. Um, it was about 50 or 75 a day, I think it was. Um, cuz it I mean, it was my first go, right? And I was like, right, we're just going to test. I'd spent money on LinkedIn ads f****** about six, seven years ago, and it rinsed loads of money. I got nothing from it. So, I started getting leads from it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: And then by the time I turned them off cuz I was like, "Oh, these are s*** leads." is I actually did then make sale and he's and he is now bought again.Hassaan Ahmad: H.Pete Taylor: So he's actually turned into a phenomenal sale. Um so that's what I was spending for.  
00:14:37
 Pete Taylor: So whatever that is a month probably about a grand a month, isn't it? Some might more than that,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. UmPete Taylor: isn't it? I don't know. How much you like how much would I need to spend?Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Pete Taylor: What do you think?Hassaan Ahmad: I would say you should budget at least two grand a month.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And I'll tell you how I'll spend it. I'll do I'll do 50/50 initially on bothPete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: your thought leadership as well as your conversion. First challenge that we want to get through is getting enough data in.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we could spend lower. We could do 50 a day or lower, but the challenge is LinkedIn has gotten greedy and the cost per click has risen a lot. So, you would still get really good quality. Quality is something I wouldn't compromise on, but the volume is something that would suffer, right? So, you solve that problem by throwing more money at it.  
00:15:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, initially if we target the two grand piece, I think in the first month you should be recovering your investment for the next and then we just keep it going from there.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So all in you're looking at a grant for what we would do and two grand ad budget for the first month. Let's I think we should do it month by month. Yeah. Um, I don't want to lock you in, but I think you should be you should start seeing some results around the week three, week four mark, and then it just accelerates fromPete Taylor: Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: there.Pete Taylor: And and then and then what would you do for me?Hassaan Ahmad: What I would do for you is I would give you your thought leader posts. That's number.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Number two is I will do your end to-end campaign managements. We'll look through all the creatives that you have. will also um build new creatives for you if you need to.  
00:16:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: The creatives you have right now are educational. They're good, but they're not. So, you need a certain type of creative that gets people to take an action, right? That's the bit that we would build for you. We would audit everything that you have already built and see if there's something that we can use. If so, good. So, we'll do your ads, we'll do your um your thought leader posts, and I would probably build a landing page for you too. Underneath it all, we would build your entire architecture. So, your lead tracking, your mechanism, um your retargeting mechanism. So, you would have the ability to target people who come in from LinkedIn on Instagram. That's all the stuff that you would own.Pete Taylor: H.Hassaan Ahmad: So when we stop working or if we stop working, you would still have all the data, all the work that we've done, the pixel will be trained if it isn't already. Um, so you would always have the ability to just go and target the same people again and again with whoever you want, whether in in-house person or someone else.  
00:17:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: So we'll be building the system, building the assets, building the creatives and executing the whole thing forPete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: you.Pete Taylor: Okay. And the thought leader posts, what's the frequency of that?Hassaan Ahmad: I would give you I'd give you one a day for the first two weeks, right? I don't we can give you the whole lot,Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: but LinkedIn has started penalizing people who post too much as sp want toPete Taylor: Yeah. Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: do one a day,Pete Taylor: Oh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: 24-hour gap between both uh between each posts. So that will give us the content for the thought uh for the top of funnel. After that we would see how that's performing. We would know what type of data is tracking well and with whom and then we would take it from there. After that it tapers down to about three a week and then that would continue for the duration of thePete Taylor: Okay. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense.  
00:18:33
 Pete Taylor: Okay, fine.Hassaan Ahmad: engagement.Pete Taylor: Okay. Um, okay. Great.Hassaan Ahmad: Are you in exploration mode right now or are you in a mood to execute?Pete Taylor: I don't know mate to be honest.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: Like I like I was thinking about at some stage I want I want to get this lead engine going. I have like what's been going on recently is I've started to be invited to do talks and panels and then that's generating me coverage.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Yeah.Pete Taylor: It's generating me um people are coming into my world like that I'm getting a lot of connections on LinkedIn um who are then turning into potential clients. So I've had a couple that have turned into clients. That's like beginning to be a thing for me. And then the other thing that I've started to do, I've been f****** around with this, but I've I am seeing progress with it, is that um I have a I've set up this cold outreach on LinkedIn and I'm inviting guys to come to roundt lunches  
00:19:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Pete Taylor: in person. So there'll be like 10 15 of us.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Pete Taylor: And I'm getting a lot of I haven't done one yet. I've only been running this thing for two weeks now.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Pete Taylor: I'm getting a lot of yeses.Hassaan Ahmad: Good.Pete Taylor: So I see this as I'm like this is actually probably a very good strategy for me is to do this these these inerson roundts.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Pete Taylor: Um so I have I'm actually I feel that there's a system coming in there. However, I was also thinking about doing ads. So yeah, I'm I'm like in exploration, but I'm also I am considering just doingHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Pete Taylor: something.Hassaan Ahmad: And what would need to be true for you in order for you to pull the trigger onPete Taylor: Um I suppose it'sHassaan Ahmad: ads?Pete Taylor: like me doing this. So So I've got three grand outlay now, right? Or three three grand outlay over the course of the next month. It's then what my ROI is on that and how quickly I can get an ROI  
00:20:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: because if I know I can get, you know, I can get that money back double, then it's a no-brainer. And so I suppose that is Yeah, I'm looking for answer. Can you give me answers on that?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Look, um, the answer to that is one person closed pays for that.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the simple deal. That's the simple ROI calculator that you need, but it pays for that immediately over the course of the months and weeks when you have them in the mastermind and then they upsell and so forth. the lifetime value of that client could be exponentially higher.Pete Taylor: forHassaan Ahmad: So that's number one.Pete Taylor: sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Number two is the the system that you're building. It's it's something that compounds. The more data you have in the pixel, the more work you do here, the system just keeps on compounding, right? Because you're throwing signals out there. You're putting yourself out there. Right now, one of my posts has 50,000 impressions, right?  
00:21:48
 Hassaan Ahmad: I've been putting $30 behind 10 of those posts. So, that stuff really compounds as well, right? And you would see that it would start bringing more people to all of the other things that you're doing. It would accelerate the sales cycle that you have. It would improve the quality of the people are that are coming in and so forth. that you would see those benefits there in terms of promising hard numbers to you that you know you would if you spend three grand you would sign 10 customers honestly I couldn't do that right some weeks are going to be good some weeks are going to be bad on Thursday I got four CEOs in my calendar this week I'm speaking with five of them so far and the week's just started the week before that was s*** like I was looking at it and I was thinking about firing my growth marketeer right that's just what it is it's just how the system works, right? But you've got to remember that one client is all you need per month to pay for this,  
00:22:44
 Pete Taylor: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Pete Taylor: And the because I tell you that the retargeting on Instagram is really interesting to me. What would be the potential strategy there? How quickly would we implement that?Hassaan Ahmad: Have you ever ever done anything on Instagram orPete Taylor: Uh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Meta?Pete Taylor: Um I boosted ads on there. Sorry. I boosted posts to my profile on there just randomly sporadically.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Pete Taylor: No real like no continuous structure to that. And uh probably a couple years ago we doing Facebook ads um for like a couple of months and then I stopped it when we spent f****** loads of money. Didn't know what we're doing.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So there's I need to discuss with the team because they understand meta better than I do. But from the quality of the content that you have there, I think there's enough for us to start a cold campaign still holding ourselves to the quality. Right? The way the algorithm works on Meta now is that it wants it wants you to trust it.  
00:24:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: And when you trust it, it works really well, right? So, you've got enough content out there. We can do a small test with cold audience and see what that brings in. If that brings in garbage through the funnel, we lean more heavier on LinkedIn. Make sure that the pixel is trained with the right data and then it goes and looks for the look alikes. Yeah. If it doesn't bring in garbage,Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: if it brings in good quality people, then there's nothing stopping us from starting it in parallel. We can split the two grand budget on, you know, either way because what happens is whatever the pixel is learning from the people who are coming to the website. So if good quality people are coming to the website, the LinkedIn pixel learns, it gets better over time. So that may help us bypass the learning phase and get to results quicker.Pete Taylor: Yeah, I think I'm interested in a retargeting from if we're finding guys onHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: LinkedIn and then if we're able to retarget them on Instagram.  
00:25:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We're going to do that entire strategy because that I think we'll be missing a trick if you don't do that.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: A lot of your ICP lives and breeds and consumes content on Instagram.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So yeah, we definitely want to be in front of them.Pete Taylor: Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of my ICP also reads emails. Um like I I know that when I collect their emails and I send them an email, like a lot of them read it.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Pete Taylor: So that would also be quite important.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um, emails is something that I don'tPete Taylor: No,Hassaan Ahmad: do.Pete Taylor: I'm happy to write them and it's more about collecting the data.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think that that stuff we can do quite easily. So,Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the way my form works currently on the website is somebody comes in, they types in their email address and I capture it straight away. That's the only piece of information I want.  
00:25:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: I ask for them. I don't ask for name, company,Pete Taylor: Why don't you ask for their name?Hassaan Ahmad: or sorry.Pete Taylor: Why not name?Hassaan Ahmad: The more things you ask people to put in, the higher the friction is.Pete Taylor: Yeah, I get that.Hassaan Ahmad: I live and breathe on removing friction from the process because I know thatPete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: when somebody is on a call with me, my close rates very good. So, it's my job,Pete Taylor: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: my goal is to get people as quickly as possible in a call with me.Pete Taylor: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: And the thing is,Pete Taylor: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: email is something you can infer, you can enrich, you can do a lot. So, it's, you know, just throw $50 at it and the problem takes care ofPete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: itself.Pete Taylor: Okay. Okay, man.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Look, mate, it sounds like there's some good stuff for us here,Pete Taylor: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: right? Um, what do you want to do next?  
00:26:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Do you do you want to do a pilot or do you want to take some time to think about it? Where you leaning?Pete Taylor: let's do theHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Pete Taylor: pilot thisHassaan Ahmad: All right. When do you want to start?Pete Taylor: this week.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Good. Well, first of all, thank you for that. What that looks like then is my team and I are going to spend about hour, hour and a half with you. Really want to understand what you're all about, what your current system looks like, what your current um mechanism looks like. So take us through the ad uh your ad stack on LinkedIn and Meta. We'll see what you have already. After that, we'll get to work very quickly. Within a couple of days after that, you will have the first batches of posts ready. So you would start scheduling them, sending them out and so forth. And as soon as you start doing that, we'll start putting money behind it.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So we don't want to waste any time because well, you know, you've just launched a new product and want to get it in front of the people as quickly as possible. We wouldn't do the conversion ads first. We would let the thought leader ads breathe a little, so a week or so. That would give us time to get the creatives ready, selected, and so forth and launch the conversion campaign already.Pete Taylor: Okay, sounds good.  
Transcription ended after 00:29:01

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
