---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Fuseable x Remotir - Kickoff – 2025/08/13 13:57 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:38:25.836Z
meeting_date: 2025-08-13T15:02:12.762Z
---


Fuseable x Remotir - Kickoff - Transcript
00:00:00
 Barak Peled: know, legals, accounting, um, for slightly larger operations. That then led me to, um, we raised some money to, yeah, for some ventures, most of them didn't didn't survive COVID. Um, and that sort of led me to continue in the tech world rather than sort of hospitality tech just switched to tech and um, and I've done a lot of fundraising and sort of fundraising structuring with startups. That's where I met Nick a few years ago. Um, and I still have a number of fractional positions with, you know, different capacities with different businesses. Um, with Fusible, I sit as the CCO. My my my main goal is to make sure we meet revenue KPIs so that we can then meet fundraising KPI KPIs. Um, so the two are the two are connected, but they're sort of asynchronous. So, you know, right now you know, we raised, now it's about revenue, and then we're probably going to go raise again. Um, and uh, yeah, so I've I've got a mixed experience between tech, data, operations, sales, fundraising, um, financial modeling, and uh, and I try to, you know, do my best here.  
00:01:21
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. So that's us. Um, so I mean maybe before we start, so I think where we've got to so far, you know, we we built a great product. It's got further to go. It's I wouldn't call it a fully mature product, but it's it's monetizable and we've got five clients who like the application. Um, we've been doing meet Alfred LinkedIn outbound stuff with very mixed effect I would say and kind of a spray and prey approach a little bit you know trying to sell to CFOs to treasurers to tax people to to lawyers um and that's obviously probably what you say is is wrong you know we are a crossf functional tool which is great right because it's addressing a need corporate software silo, but it's also a red flag because we're possibly trying to sell to everybody and uh say something specific to all of them and potentially when we talk to a client, we've got multiple decision makers. So, like we've got a brilliant opportunity ahead of us, but we need to get focused on, you know, where is the the right place to start?  
00:02:34
 Nicholas Clarkson: And I think where we've kind of already landed with Hassan is that the truth is legal own the corporate structure chart the general council the company secretary right so if they own it they are the primary decision maker they could be a secondary uh influencer or product champion and we've had that via treasury or CFO whatever but fundamentally the lawyers are the ones that that own that sort of governance Um, and I think if we were to define why why we're different to other governance tools is that they are they're sort of siloed in legal.Barak Peled: So maybe it'sNicholas Clarkson: So they do legal entity management. There's lots of legal entity management platforms, right? Or legal entity governance. Diligent entities is the market incumbent. They're worth 8 billion. They're 25 years old. Um, what we do is entity governance plus group structuring. And by group structuring I mean we start to to model the the relationships between companies. So things like intercomp trading, intercomp lending, cross company guarantees, bank loans, covenants.  
00:03:45
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um and as you start to build the group structure, what does it look like? You know, if that if the house of cards collapse, it might be because company over here was guaranteeing parent company was guaranteeing a subsidiary in a division, right? And it can all fall apart and that's when it moves outside of legal and it starts serving the crossf functional need where it's like well tax have got transfer pricing thing capitalization treasury looking at cash management funding flows interest exposure FX management um you know you've got things like you guys might be familiar with this but security when a bank lends to you a bank will take a charge on company assets or uh some kind guarantee, right? We bring that to life that that does not exist in treasury systems or corporate tools. So, we're kind of the the sort of group structuring piece is do you know what your group looks like? Do you know the relationships between them? Do you have access to the data? Does the organization size and shape make sense?  
00:04:50
 Nicholas Clarkson: Could we optimize it better? And that could serve any one area. meaning, are we incurring fines because we're missing late filings? Are we overpaying our global tax bill? Or do we have naked currency exposure? I mean, the go the list goes on and on and on and we're we're bringing that to life. Um, and um I think you know mind maps are static. They're sort of useful, right? Everyone loves a mind map. Complexity requires a visual approach, but but they don't connect to anything. And that's what we we do. And I mean, I don't know about you, your guys experience with corporate software, but I would say 99% of corporate software is awful. And so we're taking um should I finish or do you wanna um just so like our source of inspiration for the product build is Figma, framer, notion, air table, uh lucid chart, all those brilliantAdnan Khan: finish your sound.Nicholas Clarkson: freelancer style SAS tools. Like I mean the business might fail because of it.  
00:06:00
 Nicholas Clarkson: But my conviction the reason I love doing it is that's users should enjoy corporate software but the general experience is is poor and I think you know a product design business will ultimately win the day. We just need enough time to uh to achieve that. So um we are not looking at other corporate software as inspiration. we are looking at those great freelancer tools that we all love uh and enjoy as as to how I think my conviction is that will ultimately win if as long as we're still alive. But um so yeah, so there thatAdnan Khan: Yeah, I mean um so just just a quick question by the way. I'll I'll do a comment and a question. So yes, corporate software, enterprise software, boring, really hard to change anything. Uh believe me, that's been half of my career. Um use Figma like tools every day. more and more whenever I try and solve problems through like a Figma people who are used to writing docs they immediately flip over to something like big jam and they're like oh this is better u so I see where you're going with that you're obviously very designled I can tell by the quality of the work you've produced you said um you said one thing where it's like like I think what you said was like mind maps  
00:07:21
 Adnan Khan: are boring and this is more interconnected or I think what you're trying to say is this is more dynamic can you explain a little bit more towards that like are there different services or integrations connecting into this? Like what what sort of makes it not static?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, so I can jump into the product and show you. Sorry, I love mind maps. I mean, I should wear a t-shirt saying I love mind maps, but but they don't connect to anything, right? So they they have utility up to a point. So I I guess behind everything is fusible is a mind map connected to a database but it's a curated mind map of a corporate structure. Um and then you can use that as the way to navigate to data sets. It's like having an organized folder structure. Click on a visual asset takes you left or right rather than just buried in in database. So that's that's sort of what I meant by that. Um integrations wise we um so we have a we have an integration with uh credit safe.  
00:08:25
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um so we I think we're the first platform that can autogenerate group structure data. So there's an API that you pick top and it will it will build the group structure if it's on public record and and then it will also enrich the the legal entity information if it's on record. So the name, the address, whatever information is available and if we have a field for it, it's it's there. Um other than that, we don't we don't really have other integrations. Um partly because it's um you know, everybody's got a different system or multiple versions of a system. Um uh but you know, the pathway is towards tools like Slack, you know, for for the event management around the business. You just you just want to know. You don't want to have to log into Fusible to know. Uh you you want to be be told right ahead of time.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um Mhm.Adnan Khan: Yeah. I I I think we're going to get into the product tour anyway, but maybe to slightly ask that question differently.  
00:09:26
 Adnan Khan: So, like one problem that I'm going through in a different part of my brain is like, yeah, there's multiple systems, systems don't talk to each other, etc., etc. I think what I'm trying to like ask you is like you said it's a database. first time the the user or the company or the entity sets it up, what's the way people will populate it? And it sounds like some of that will be through potentially an integration. Is there also manual intervention where people are going to come in and like set this thing up from the for the first time and then after that that becomes the running record?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adnan Khan: Is that is that sort of how how you're about?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Ideal scenario is we find their data on public record. They they ask how long it takes to on board. We do it in 3 seconds. Uh the current scenario is you've got 100 entities you could build your group structure in a couple of hours, right?  
00:10:18
 Nicholas Clarkson: So it's still still quick. It's not a steep learning curve. Um, but there's a middle ground as well where and we we're we're training our AI model to do this is where you in we ingest your group structure and it recognizes the shape and structure and it will build it off of the back of that. So there's there's sort of three scenarios but step one for us in on boarding is let's build the group structure. We try and break it down into bite-sized components because it all starts there and then it's in the database. it's on the map and then if you want to start putting in events, governance, data, modeling, relationships, you can then do that, right? So, yeah, we've been thinking about time to value that sort of, you know, thought process like this sounds great. I'm too busy. Okay, how do we shorten that? Um, so yeah. Yeah. And it's it comes up. I mean, Brack will say this is like almost number one objection before price is I'm too busy.  
00:11:18
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um, so startBarak Peled: It's it's a little bit it sorry it's a little bit um combination of I'm too busy or I'm not sure that I need it. You know because if you know if you're using ex Microsoft Excel and I say can you use Google Sheets? understand the the the changeover, but we're introducing something that maybe they use PowerPoint or whatever now to get away with it. So, so that's the challenge is getting their head to to sort of understand that it's, you know, it's easy.Adnan Khan: Right.Barak Peled: we can set it up in a few minutes and then to your question it's still having that live functionalities with the external systems but but once it's live it's you know you just you just you know director comes director goes you know shareholder structure changes loan you you you keep it up to date the team and they have to do it anyway I mean they would have to keep a record of that transaction somewhere except thatNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Barak Peled: right now it's an excel sheet and a powerpoint presentation and someone's dryfold  
00:12:26
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. And I asm avoid data fragmentation.Adnan Khan: Right. That was gonna be that was going to be my next question as well. And not to rabbit hole on it, but it's like how are people doing it today? And it's excels presentations in people's heads. Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: It's like, yeah, I'll create another system. Right. But our argument is this is the system at the very top. What does your organization look like? How do you manage it? Right? And therefore, it doesn't matter if you've got a shitload of systems underneath it because a lot of the system we the data we hold doesn't exist in those systems. Um, so it's kind of the top layer. You need this whether or not you've got an organized you've got 500 software products or or five. Um, that's that's our argument. It's that piece of BI and I say BI, I don't don't really want to say BI but it's it's the intelligent model of your organization at the top which yeah which serves you know it's like the core stakeholders  
00:13:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: It's the interaction layer. ThereNicholas Clarkson: are legal tax treasury um then it goes into M&A but this goes on it's like banks ask that question at some point auditors ask that question buy and side sell teams ask that question tax authorities asked that question. You know, the the board has no way to interact or even seize this data.Hassaan Ahmad: heat.Nicholas Clarkson: They should. And that's my argument. There might be an education piece that everyone's going, "Well, the company didn't fall over on my watch. No problem." But sooner or later, it will. There will be a Black Swan event and it'll be on your watch because you missed something. Um, and hey, if you only had Fusible, you might have picked that up. So, uh, and I don't know if that's an education piece.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I I do like I I'm a corporate treasurer, right? I would say a lot of corporate treasurers are just operators. They're cash managers, whatever. They don't think strategically.  
00:14:35
 Nicholas Clarkson: But the people that do think strategically know that there's a problem and software doesn't quite solve that. Um, andBarak Peled: Yeah. And again I think we go too much maybe into the problem the pain but I just say two things. One is it I think it becomes it's difficult maybe to see today why do I need it? But if you think about it, three four years a treasurer or a COC changes or or or a GC and the handover today is impossible. There's almost no handover. The truth is they enter a new job and they have to start digging for stuff, right? So that that that's the so that's the layer the base layer of the of the corporate you can you can you can enter your new job in a day. So there's a continuity I think element to it where maybe it's a little bit you know to set it up but that becomes your Nick loves that expression by the way you have to use it in your language single source of truth um um yeah synergies The last  
00:15:28
 Adnan Khan: the SSOP that it's not that where it is.Nicholas Clarkson: No, no, that's a joke.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. from my perspective.Nicholas Clarkson: Just to be 100% clear, I'm I'm sick of these these sound bites.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. But you know like that just works you know when you tell people that you know it's going to be your single source of truth of your entity level data or your group structure you know people listen and you know our approach is to go one level deeper into or a couple of levels deeper into you know why does that matter. So, you know, you've got that person level pain where yes, it's important for a incoming treasurer to come in and get onboarded quickly, but why should the CFO sign a 12K or 25K job check to make their life easier? you know, like the CFO almost doesn't really care, but the CFO does care because if the treasurer needs to come in and he needs to renegotiate a line of credit or, you know, like a facility that they alreadyNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.  
00:16:25
 Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: have, right? He needs to have up-to-date data. Not having up-to-date data is going to have two outcomes. One, they're going to get really s***** rates or they're not going to get enough funding, right? Both of which impact the credit rating.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um their standing, their ability to win new contracts, etc., etc. That's why the CFO is going to write the 24 paycheck, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. and they're they're they're a director of of you know the company. So if things go bad and there's something negligent, you know, you don't want to be dropping the soap in the in the shower in the in jail, right? Like it's I don't I don't want to quite play to that, but in extremists, you're legally responsible for for the company's activities, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: And the truth the truth is even the best CEOs in the world don't really have control over everything in their organization. Right? That's the reality.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And and if you think about that, if you extend on that a little bit, right?  
00:17:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: So what does that lack of control lead to them? That leads to them bringing in somebody like a deoid, PWC, KPMG, doing an audit once every three years, spending a s*** ton of time and money, right? In order to say, "Hey, we have checked the group structure. It looks okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's as optimum as it should be.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, why are you paying?" Well, you're always going to pay them because you need that stamp, right? But this could mean the difference between uh one month engagement versus a two-day engagement.Nicholas Clarkson: 100%. Yeah. Yeah. Where where was I a year ago? Okay. It's taken me an hour to get up to speed rather than going, "Hey, Dave Dave in accounts has got a copy of the group structure chart. Can you send him version on your laptop?" You know, it's like it's all that stuff. Anyway, um do you want me to do you want me to show the product?  
00:18:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: that would be helpful. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, cool.Adnan Khan: Yes, please.Nicholas Clarkson: Let's do it.Hassaan Ahmad: Heather, did you have a question?Barak Peled: Someone.Haider Sarwar: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, so you mentioned something about the you know some API feeding feeding some sort of you know like data into your system that sort of differentiates you. Could you talk more about that?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Haider Sarwar: Is it some some data that's you know like publicly available about entities and you know governance that that's coming into your product orBarak Peled: I think N show you how it works. You're going to fall off your chair.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay, I can This is our staging environment. So, uh it's less stable because we're um uh well, we may as well jump into that rugby group. United Kingdom. H I've got I'm I've got guard rails on my um Anyway, I might be able to bring it up a bit later, but what happens is it it starts building the map for you on the the canvas.  
00:19:48
 Nicholas Clarkson: So, that's that's what happens. Anyway, I'll show you one I built earlier. Um um like I said, our staging environment is Oh, it was it was building it. Here we go. This is this is the staging one. So, it um we're we're we're fixing bugs at the moment. Um yeah, so this is the the group structure chart, right? You start with um topco um every company has sidebar so you can it's got inline editing you can do full name display name describe the company can state it's country of incorporation um it's got a different tax residency you can put that so we get gradient bars if they're different the accounting or functional currency of the entity the corporate tax rate um we do entity classes as as well. Some of them have different borders, so you can customize those. It can be anything. So, it could be like a JV dormant company. Um, how much is owned by its parent. Um, you can tag them. So, if there's a company that was inactive or you were planning to sell it, you can do that.  
00:21:06
 Nicholas Clarkson: And then search. There's a search menu up here. I'll show you after. You can put them in groups. So, these these are groups. Um, groups have sidebar. So group could be could be a security group for a banking facility. It could be a cash pool. It could be a tax group uh um an insurance group. The idea is that we don't we don't guess what that is. It's it's depend driven by what the the client defines. Um it can be labeled as an in-house bank. So it becomes a lender of sorts to other companies in the structure. Um and yeah, I mean just like how you do it, if you wanted to add a new company, you can press enter. That creates a company below. You get a blank um sidebar. You can then populate that data. So, so I I'm showing you on the basis that they build it themselves.Hassaan Ahmad: Nick, where did this get all this data from?  
00:21:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Did the user provide it or did it look through public repositories and pull it off? Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: So yeah, I mean we've got client with 70 entities. They could do that on day one even at the in slowest level. Um and the why the reason this is structured is because there's a database view of that data, right? So um the the hierarchy of companies when you work on the canvas it creates the data in the database and you can see that in uh in list or um hierarchical view. So that's kind of the the the baseline sort of group structure data and then um behind that we do so this is sort of moving into the the legal governance space right we show the all the static data about companies and so address tax information whatever you can we also have this because a lot of clients were asking for different data so you can add custom properties and what that does is it propagates it to all companies And that means that we, you know, modern SAS is about flexibility, right?  
00:23:11
 Nicholas Clarkson: So we provide that. So we stop guessing. So if you wanted like an LEI registration number or a bank account number, you can just put it put that field in and it shows up everywhere. Um, we also have um dates. So these are all the events um across the organization. So they could be um so yeah they can be across tax, legal, treasury, right? Could be compliance certificate delivery date, tax return, whatever. So you can put those all in. We have got a new calendar functionality which is which is about to go live as well. So I can show you that.Hassaan Ahmad: Does the person get an alert if something is approaching?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. So when on the next release that sends an email ahead of ahead of that event. So you know I think what a lot of people do is they block out their Outlook calendars with with something which which isn't really you know it's it's not a meeting it's an event and you just want to be told about that event.  
00:24:18
 Nicholas Clarkson: So you need to send a report to a bank it will tell you that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So you basically it's like you don't have to remember anything as long as you put it in the system. You'll get an email notification. Step after that is well hey it'll tell you on Slack. Um or I'm responsible for that event but I want to tell the CFO that that that's also coming up. So he will too get a notification of it. Um uh so you also show shareholders in every company what share classes they have. um the board composition as well. So who the directors are um of each of the companies we have the the service providers to the group. Um so yeah this is all the companies or advisers that support the group. Um this is currently in in each company but it's going to move to lefthand sidebar. And what you do is when you're working on a on a global level and you tag it to a company or a group or a division, it then appears where it should, right?  
00:25:23
 Nicholas Clarkson: But only that specific, you know, where it's tied. Um you can also so this could be your auditor, your tax advisor, your external council um you know all those service providers that are supportingHassaan Ahmad: Hey, sorry. Could you go back to service providers and what's and talk me through the thinking behind this?Nicholas Clarkson: head office I suppose you know it's like a repository of of that information um I know a lot of the other governance tools have that as well Um, so yeah, if if if I if this this is Wayne Enterprises, right? So if I go into another company, you'll see the same list, but what we're doing is on the left hand sidebar, that will be where the global list is. And then I can assign an origin to different places. So I'll let then if I go into Wayne Enterprise and they have a different auditor to Spaceely Sprocket over here, I won't see see that. I'll only see what's relevant for Does that make sense?Hassaan Ahmad: It does. Um, not going to say it now, but remind me to make a point about service providers later.  
00:26:35
 Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. All right. Um, and that that concept sort of applies broadly. So like here, you know, you can put all the key documents in for every company as well. So I can add files. I can bulk upload files. We can do smart summaries as well. So it reads, this is our AI pathway right now. It reads a doc, provides a summary of what that document is. There's a pathway where actually we're doing full file ingestion. So it it not only understands a document or all the documents, but it understands all the documents in the context of the entire group. So you imagine that as a second brain knowledge base is you can start saying well connecting dots or you know finding commonality or areas for cost savings domain knowledge advice that that's kind of the pathway we're going on is it's not just doing a smart file summary like the application understands every single document and has has vectorized that information so that it it can preempt or you can ask it questions.  
00:27:41
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um you can also sort of tag documents as well. Um we have notes as well which is sort of like uh like this. It's kind of you can put you could have a a board agenda and work in here as well. Um it's a bit boring right now. This one doesn't have any information but that's how it appears and it's private or shared. Again, note notes will be on the lefthand sidebar and only ones attached to that company would appear in that sidebar. Um, and then yeah, so everything has a sidebar. So divisions, you can create divisions, add companies to divisions. Um, it tells you what the members are. There's a a large sidebar for divisions. So that'll have notes, files, documents as well. Groups have sidebars, too. Um you can um create relationships between companies as well. So I can draw loan relationships that creates a formal arrangement. You can in we do um so like your if you had a consolidation tool you can import your loan balances from the end of the month um and it will um it will it'll update those balances and you can see those in the database as well.  
00:29:00
 Nicholas Clarkson: So you can create uh intercomp loans, cross company guarantees, trading balances. Um you can so it's it's here basically.Hassaan Ahmad: Where would that data come from Nick? The loan balance or the intercomp transaction data.Nicholas Clarkson: Um this is like the balance sheet date, right? So if I wanted to upload balances for uh where I July, take the consolidation balances, it's literally like lender, borrower, balance, currency, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: and that will update the data and then what you see on the map is is a reflection of that which is like useful to see right but beyond that it's like well I might want to see the exposures as well so I can then see um see where the relationships are across cross currency um and that you know if it's if it's like in a non-functional currency this might indicate I need to hedge a non a loan balance that's not in a functional currency of one company um and if there's uh if if the loan is crossborder and there's an interest rate this affects tax and transfer pricing um you know and the principle is it's so in-house banks which I' I've picked nostromo right in-house banks normally sit in um Luxembourg or Panama you know low tax jurisdictions and they lend a high interest rate to um countries with higher tax rates, right?  
00:30:34
 Nicholas Clarkson: And those the the company so let's say it's 42 systems who's making loads of profit. Nostromo takes that interest charge to a zero tax jurisdiction and lowers the global tax footprint. So it's it's quite a big deal you know in a big corporation like you can and the smart players the you know the apples of this world all set this up so that they pay the least amount of tax possible. So for tax and we do we do have users in tax that use it for this specific purpose that they um they not only want to see the relationships and documents that they're up to date interest rates right but they start looking at transfer pricing and thing capitalization. So you know we go that little bit further. Um you can also add banks with credit ratings. um that bank has you can add custom financial covenants as well which will tell you whether they're in in breach or not. Um so you can sort of monitor the the relationship. Um and if I want to like navigate I can start searching the non-relevant entities disappear.  
00:31:51
 Nicholas Clarkson: I can search around the map and find what I need. Um we also do things like beneficial ownership. So where the the group structure flips and I see the ownership layer and this this touches on um you know anti-money laundering KYC banks or auditors often want to know who's behind the company. So that's you know the trail up the up the path to the parent company. Um and maybe I only want to see just the immediate parents and the shareholders. But here I can add I could show the shareholders or not. Um but I can also if this was a company I could show people behind companies and you can find the pathway. Right? This comes up a lot. You want to open a bank account this this has got to be reviewed. It's a boring area but it it comes up all the time and it it's soul destroying work. Um we also do like focus view so you can zoom in on the map. um into one specific area.  
00:32:55
 Nicholas Clarkson: You can also do like um constellation view which shows by relationships. Um you can show and hide data on the maps as well. So you know if you're legal and you just want to see the naked group structure that's there. Um and then yeah for other stuff. So I showed you the this is sort of the basic hierarchy, right? We now have custom views. So if you want to see company alongside bank account um or company alongside a field because we've got these custom properties, you can create views and say show company alongside X. Right? We don't have to guess what what companies want to see. They can build their own views um and show or hide them, move them around. Um yeah, so it's sort of depending on what that that specific user wants, you can show or hide those views if you want. Um so building sort of custom level data. Um sorry, I forgot to say as well on the map there's also a chat bot so you can you can ask it basic questions about the group structure um about companies about some of the data that we hold.  
00:34:13
 Nicholas Clarkson: But there's a big pathway that's this is where you can ask it anything about anything. Um and the chat um so it doesn't update the right now it's you know it's it's useful but it's primitive like it it doesn't so we don't do like it doesn't understand all the files in in theAdnan Khan: Nick, is that is that like receive only or can it also like update the the or structure?Nicholas Clarkson: application yet. there's still elements of this the application data it doesn't fully understand and this is where like with AI you've got to you know giving an LLM uh a a series of different questions it can hallucinate up and give different responses so this is where you what our dev team are doing now you start giving it tooling so it goes a oh this is a computational question use this tool and it will will give you a useful answer um if it's, you know, uh, sort of an advice-based approach or looking into the knowledge base of all the documents. Again, it might be a slightly different tool.  
00:35:17
 Nicholas Clarkson: So, we're starting to split up types of prompts so that it it gives you coherent answers. Um, but the the idea is you log in and the chatbot might say, "By the way, these events are due this week. Have you done something?" You know, preemptive AI. That's it's sort of going beyond the traditional dashboard. It's actually it's thought about something before you have. So that's a big pathway for us this year. Um what else? Yeah. So this is the calendar with this is currently in in testing, right? Oh, sorry, I forgot to say. So accessing co-c data, you can you can do it via the the map or the grid, right? So you can um you can go to the map, you can sort of flip between the two depend work wherever you want and you can choose you can work visually or or in database structure. So the idea is it's it's sort of however you want to you want to look at that information. The calendar is um even worthy's birthday.  
00:36:27
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um yeah, this is that sort of I mean one client Barack told me this earlier. One of our clients has a thousand events. They've got 30 companies and a thousand events across their whole organization. That's how big of a deal this is, right? Nobody knows what the hell is going on. They're putting it in their task managers, in their Outlook calendars, whatever this is. chuck it in whatever function you are but bind it to any company any division any loan any document D and it will tell you ahead of time hence why we don't have a uh sort of a a timeBarak Peled: It's aNicholas Clarkson: a time within a day this is on this day this will happen and before that day you need to do X um so if you wanted to like go in and edit that you can then say well that filing return The assignment is Roland. Um, it's a filing event. This is where you file and tell these people um that it's going to happen and you know it's job done.  
00:37:36
 Nicholas Clarkson: So when that comes around the notification will will will appear um and you'll be so Roland is a user right now and you know I think part of the selling process we sort of want them to be usersAdnan Khan: And will will Roland come into Fusible or are you pushing that out into another tool?Nicholas Clarkson: of the platform. It sort of encourages more users. So it's currently two existing users. Um again I mean that that was our thought process whether it's right or wrong um I don't know um and that's in yeah so these this is just a different view of the same thing right you can see on month view or timeline view and you can scroll sort of endlessly through those so this has been mentioned as a big big deal uh across organizations that they're constantly missing stuff um and we're sort Yeah.Barak Peled: And that's that the thing we were we were we're I think it's in the road map Nick right to sort of find a way to connect this to a Slack for example so you get your notifications ahead of  
00:38:41
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Barak Peled: time.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. But on on this release in the next few weeks, it will be you you'll get an email notification for anything if you've put notification on there.Barak Peled: SoNicholas Clarkson: So that's step one. That's useful, right? But you know, there's also a pathway where you don't want to log into Fusible to be told. you just want you want want it to go into your coms um channel. So that's where I go. Um um oh multi-day you mean?Haider Sarwar: in the event section.Hassaan Ahmad: Does it say does it say how long an event or a task is going to be?Haider Sarwar: YouHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. By that sorry so by that I mean so when you're adding an event usually you can say that um you know if your deadline for filing your annual returns is let's say 31st of April 30th of April youNicholas Clarkson: No. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: know it's going to take you 60 days of 30 days to get that done right and so by entering that indicative time and assigning uh person who's going to do it you're basically creating two calendar entries, the day  
00:39:49
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: they should be starting or the latest date they should be starting and when it needs to be filed.Nicholas Clarkson: So, we go more with the the event due date.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: You know, I think like if the auditors are in, you might block out your Outlook calendar, right? Well, I'm not sure we're in the business of saying, "Hey, this is a multi-day event. This is by this." I mean, we could Yeah, we could accommodate that potentially. Um uh but yeah it's sort of event driven like this is when this needs to happen before then do X um and for origin you can uh you can you can assign that to um assign it to whatever you want. The the idea is you can assign to anything. You can assign anything to anything in the application. Um this is for Mhm.Haider Sarwar: What about um when there's a series of tasks or things that need to be done you know before an event? So let's see you have I mean so you have event one but before that event one person X needs to do one person Y needs to do two person Z needs to do three and it has to be  
00:40:57
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Haider Sarwar: in that order. So so if person X doesn't complete person Y can't do anything till person X completes.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Haider Sarwar: Does it talk like that?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. So if if I mean what we can do is if it was assigned to Roland and then it was sort of act partially resolved I can then change the owner.Haider Sarwar: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: So I could say step two this is now with you right because this is what often happens something is partially done. We've got a thing on comments which inapp sort of collaboration for comments. So you say I've done step one of of X, you now need to do the following steps, right? Um so there'll be sort of comments that go with that.Barak Peled: Wow.Nicholas Clarkson: Um Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think there's there's the there's clear handoff between this tool and a task management tool, right? There's things that tool does really really well.Haider Sarwar: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But then you know the handoff to the task management tool could either be an integration or it could be an automation or something like that.  
00:42:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: But it's not Yeah, that's fine.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Um I don't know why we don't have many many files here, but this is I should probably log into the app, but this normally has hundreds of files. And this is where you could bulk upload all of your files, right? So I can um and then I can I can tag them. I can so if I select something I can then multitag um any documents I can so the origin this is saying it's attached to these companies these groups.Barak Peled: Um, yeah, I've got the demo open on my side and it's got everything.Nicholas Clarkson: Um yeah I'm showing on our staging which is not stable at all.Barak Peled: I think we're in different environments. So, I mean, I got Yeah. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Right. But what I wanted to do is show you some of the features that are coming. So it's you sort of have to the the app the you know the production environment is is stable. It doesn't have as many features.  
00:43:13
 Nicholas Clarkson: This one is is definitely less less stable. Um but yeah you can you can bulk manage um all all your files, right? You don't necessarily want to work on files at a company level or division level. You want to do it at an aggregate level. and then you choose like what it's attached to and then when you go to the map and you see that company it will then it then appears um it then appears here right in files right so you only see what you need to see for a specific item um we've got just probably useful for you guys to know but we've also got workspaces so this is for the advisory model particularly for fund administrators because they do a lot of the governance work for their clients. So if they had 50 clients, right, um they've got all their client structures, they can see at a high level and they can go into that organization. So it's like you've got the universe which is one organization. Then you've got the multiverse.  
00:44:19
 Nicholas Clarkson: This is the advisory model where they've got one login to fusible. they can go in and and pick a client, do the work from a single single login. So, this is about to go live. That actually opens the door to fund administrators, which is really where the massive ACV is for us. So, um you know, it's a kind of workspace-based environment where you can can manage anything. You could be have you can be a member of other workspaces as well. So, if the client owns something that you have access, you can uh you can see that too. and you've got certain privileges. The whole the whole thing is sort of granular. So, um you can only see what you're supposed to see. So, if I if you've only been given access to certain companies, you will you will only see that information on the map. This this was a really big activity for us um to actually get that right. So, if I wanted to like um I think this is a because this is a demo environment, it's not quite there.  
00:45:24
 Nicholas Clarkson: It doesn't isn't show, but it takes you to a screen where it it says which companies you have access to and whether that's edit or view. So, you can only see and do what you've been told you you can see and do. Um, so that's quite a deep features feature set we have as well. And then we've got um what else? An admin panel that allows you to um Oh, no, sorry, not it's not that. It's this. So, this allows you to choose whether you want to your default screen is map or grid. Um, you can customize entity colors, borders, backgrounds. Um, you can do what you like. The the AIS, you know, when it's ingesting files, it'll tell you the progress, tell your storage limits, what domains are permitted, um, who's got access to this specific um, space and so on. There's a whole load of stuff. There's the custom fields as well, so you can you can better manage that from here, too. Um, and I could probably now just show you a little bit about what else is coming because um, I sort of get bored of I get a little bit bored of until we do something new.  
00:46:43
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um, where are we? Where are we? How do I go? Reset. Here we go. Here we go. So yeah, in in here we're this is what's coming and probably one of our next spins. This is slow because our prototype's huge, but you have an inbox. So any any interaction on the application, you get inbox. If you've been tagged um or mentioned or you need to approve something, there's it sort of pushes everything into an inbox where you can then take action. You click on that, it will it will tell you where to go. Um, if I go to a co-exi panel, literally this this can be anywhere in the application. So if something was wrong, I can come in here, there's a comment section, I can tag a person um and say whatever, change that. Director is a good one. You know, director left, please update. And this is like for us particularly for like in fund administration. What we found out is fund administrators using databases using old tech throwing people at the problem.  
00:47:55
 Nicholas Clarkson: So manpower uh they don't have a visual tool. Their clients don't see their portfolio data. So they have no access to it. What we're trying to do is that this is that collaborative environment where the client has view access. They can come in, they can see everything. They can say, "Oh, by the way, fun administrator, this director got hit by a bus. Um, you need to remove him. Um, can you please amend it?" And they can't break anything. So, comments is basically appwide anywhere. Um, so you can then do true sort of a bit like Figma, right? You can you can comment anywhere in the application. Um, Not yet, but I would absolutely love to do multiplayer.Adnan Khan: I was going to ask you if it's like multiplayer, like people can come in and move stuff around multiplayer. I assumed yes looking at your website, but yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So, yeah, it's definitely at some point where you can you can see people's curses moving around.  
00:48:53
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um Yeah.Adnan Khan: Nick, one uh one quick question for me.Nicholas Clarkson: Um Mhm.Adnan Khan: It's probably because I missed some of the previous calls you all had. Um what is like like you've taken a lot of different like names of people like a treasury manager, fund manager, etc. What's sort of the I think a two-part question. What's the average Joe who would use this? Like is there a baseline roles? and Assan if you already know this then then we can chat.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adnan Khan: And then what is sort of like a a minimum size of like someone who would want this like like a group of 10 companies, a group of 20 more or less likeNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I'd say sort of 20 is probably the the minimum level. Um we charge based on sort of entity numbers. That's our you know you pay for the complexity. Um um I mean legal is sort of probably the the best starting point, right? Because they they own it. So that's that's the running thesis.  
00:49:58
 Nicholas Clarkson: But my argument would be do you have a copy of your group structure chart? If you're a treasurer and you have a copy, you can get started. You don't need to wait for legal. And actually, our biggest client and our first client did that. It was Treasury that led it. They did their work first, built the group structure, modeled all the loans and uh you know all the data in there and they've been using it. It was only legal that followed later. So point is if you've got access to it, you can already get started. But that that's not to say like our exercise of doing messaging and ads right we should be smart and probably go legal centric first. So it would be general council, company secretary. Um, and US is where I mean we've spoke to some groups where they go, "Oh, we're only small. We've got 400 entities." That for us that's that's really good size and and the contract values material UK is like Shark Tank or Dragon's Den.  
00:51:02
 Nicholas Clarkson: They just it's just the world is so much bigger over there and company secretary is a much more prominent role in the US. that I think you targeting US customers is um is a is a a good area for us. Um and there are certain sectors where this problem is you know real estate groups REITs um you know they put assets into SPVS so they have complexity by design of their their structure. So wherever there is corporate complexity they're international multiple divisions you know they fall into our wheelhouse. So real estate private equity fund administrators is a good one because they are the they we often talk to private equity firms and they go we don't manage it our fund administrator manages it.Barak Peled: AllNicholas Clarkson: So that tells you you know where's the big contract value lie because if we land one fund administrator we could be in profit straight away. Um, so you know that's like and I've seen so many other SAS businesses where they've landed corporate clients which cost them double the amount to land them that it has in revenue because they ignore to go after banks  
00:51:59
 Barak Peled: right. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: and advisers right you want to build a big business go to the gatekeepers um so sorry I'm going go dancing around a few topics there but this is legal centric I would say Um, for nowBarak Peled: I think to to add this is probably a very long conversation. the the because our job or Nick's job is to design a system that anybody can use, but my job is to find the one, excuse my French, MF, that will buy it in the whole world, right? And um and and and I keep I'm a bit fixed on that on that that email management app called Fixer, I think. you know, fix her with a Y or something because um they just say, you know, save you a day, a month or something like that. I don't know. It's what what I'm trying to say is we do we do so many things which is difficult to sell, but like it would be much easier for me to sell a calendaring system for company event management. You know, it's such an easier sale.  
00:53:26
 Barak Peled: It's it's almost like when you buy a CRM um you know you you might buy it because you need to manage relationship.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Barak Peled: You might buy it because you need to manage emails and you might buy because you need everything calendarized but the CRM is going to sell one one thing and then loads of features on top of it. And we need to find that one thing and one person who will buy first and and and then yeah obviously we can do all of those things but we need to find that that that product buyer.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Anchor point. Yeah.Barak Peled: Yeah. And and it's so far it's it's always been from our customers, it's always been the legal the legal company secretary team.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Son, you're muted.Barak Peled: You're on mute. Yeah.Haider Sarwar: You'reBarak Peled: No, now you're all on mute.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry. Yeah, I was going to ask a really dumb question, but I want to get a really basic understanding of what is it about the tool that legal likes so much that they are the ones to sponsor it?  
00:54:29
 Barak Peled: Well, again, think about 80 entities and five, six, I don't know, directors in each and seven or eight filing events, possibly more because like one of them which we mentioned, they've got about 30 events per company. um you know which could be expiration of certificates could be loads of stuff you can load anything on the system so um insurance you know um service provider contracts expiration you can load any event on onto a companyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Barak Peled: um and and and and that's the that's the beauty of it so that's I think what power pay is using it for um for yeahNicholas Clarkson: Trillium flow was they I mean I I did a demo for the general council and within 3 minutes she said I couldn't have dreamt of a better designed application. She was like I'm in straight away. It's just like the better way to do it. You know, you look at even diligent entities. It's like it already people are saying it looks way better than diligent entities. They're an eight billion juggernaut. Um but they have more features, right?  
00:55:35
 Nicholas Clarkson: And then no, they're known name. We are we are a brand new application and um but yeah, we we do we're anchored in that governance piece, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So wait.Nicholas Clarkson: That's a safe space. It it's a a a sector and software space that exists. There are other tools, right? We're not barking up the wrong tree. It does exist. You know, some people are saying, I think you've solved a problem for or create a solution for a problem that doesn't exist.Barak Peled: Um, sorry.Nicholas Clarkson: That's not true because because we most of the application does exactly what the other tools do. What we do on top is, you know, visual and we offer that group structuring piece which actually becomes nonsiloed software. It's not just for legal, which is a blessing and a curse, right? Well, it could be many things to many people, but we need to buy a uh like we need to closeBarak Peled: Yeah, I think we missed one thing which is critical for Hassan's question.  
00:56:31
 Barak Peled: It's not just that comfort because it it crosses into compliance. So what happens if you miss a date? What if you uh what happens if you keep information that is um expired? So and again that's that's company secretary normally. So, so, so, so it's not only that it's comfortable to see everything in one place and it's easy to manage, it's also, you know, crosses into compliance.Hassaan Ahmad: Come on. Yeah.Barak Peled: Yeah. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, also I mean you know corporate software you you roll out an ERP, right?Barak Peled: Um,Nicholas Clarkson: You got to get budget authority. Um you got to go on a course and learn how to use it, right? We are a day one go live platform free trial. Like that's our sale. It's like you can go live immediately and that's probably where we differ. Like there was a lot of bloat in other tools. For us, it's like I kind of already know how to use it. I I could figure this out without ever talking to anyone.  
00:57:26
 Nicholas Clarkson: And we like we we've never really had negative feedback on the application, but we need to get people having conversations with us in order to demonstrate that. Um, so that's kind of we, you know, not enough people are visiting the website.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: Website messaging could improve. The top of funnel stuff isn't enough. We're doing cold outbound, not inbound. Like, we've got a great product. People have bought it, but we've got to repeat that again and again and again. And, you know, if this ad spend stuff works, I see a pathway to where we have pricing displayed on our website. You can selfs serve. Um, if you have less than 100 entities, off you go. You may never need to talk to us. If it's enterprise or advisory space, talk to us and we'll have a, you know, bespoke legals, you know, support like and and you know, we could because our margin is so big if we land the customer that we can pour fuel into ad ads, no problem.  
00:58:29
 Nicholas Clarkson: So, I'm so excited about this possibility because the return even if we we hit 10,000 people and that cost us a thousand people and we get one customer that's paying us £1,000 a month, payback is one month. I mean, f******. Rinse repeat again and again. So, hence why I see a pathway to where it's, you know, a self-s serve type model, but uh you know, automation, right? We're we're a team of of probably eight in total full-timers. Like if we had 50 inquiries next week, we couldn't handle that. Everything's got to be dealt with manly mana manually. Like that's not scalable. We can add more people on, right? But that kind of self-s serve model does I'd see this if it works moving on to that if you see what I mean. Um,Barak Peled: Um yeah, sorry. Just just to complete on on Nick, I think the journey right now ideally would be um sign up or or or you know start a free trial and then basically we get them to use the system or to sign up and then we call them and do the onboarding but they've already agreed to sort of take it.  
00:59:43
 Barak Peled: No, they've already downloaded it or installed it or created a user. That's that would be the ideal uh until it's a self-s serve, right? Because we still have to do that. We still have to be a point of corner. But I'd rather not do a sales call and ask them to to install it, right? I would rather them in creating the user.Hassaan Ahmad: Maybe we just lose them.Barak Peled: Yeah.Adnan Khan: I I think you answered my question. I was going to ask like why not self-s serve yet? And it sounds like there's a layer of complexity still that need that's better handled over the phone or on a call.Barak Peled: I mean look, you createNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, it's not no it's not it's not yet because it's like you know order form uh billing you know the billing within the application like there is multi-step automation processes we need to build which would need dev input but like I mean when I started out that was kind of the SAS I wanted to build in the first place it's just We could do it manually first, but that's where we want to get to and just, you know, no one knows about us right now.  
01:00:46
 Nicholas Clarkson: If we've got enough money for ads and ads that, you know, I've heard this before, some I think it was Mark Mark Cuban of all people said, the whole game in in in this space or in in any product or product offering when you're doing advertising is cost of acquisition. That's the whole deal, right? And for us, if it works, it's an absolute slam dunk immediate payback. It's like we're already making money from it. So, you know, us trying to do, you know, cold outreach and all the rest of it. Nobody knows about us. Ads does that for us and we just pour more and more and more into it and eventually word of mouth spreads. We show up on the chat bots and all the rest of it. Um, so what's that?Adnan Khan: We're We're missing our fourth member, but he would love to talk about CAC all day long. Yeah, missions.Hassaan Ahmad: You have a nickname for him. So yeah, just lo Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: The cat.  
01:01:51
 Nicholas Clarkson: The cat guy.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: He could have his own channel.Hassaan Ahmad: that you had a point and then um I've got aboutHaider Sarwar: Yeah. So when I think about it from a customer standpoint, there's a lot of information going on to your platform, right? Uh a lot of it is, you know, sensitive information. U that could be a possible concern. Um I mean, you know, in terms of data security, um I was having a look at your website. I mean, it does speak about you using AWS and stuff like that, but I'm from the looks of it, it seems that it's hosted on on cloud.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Haider Sarwar: Um, so I'm assuming you've got uh you know features in place to protect the sensitive data.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. is uh yeah so we piggy back off of AWS's credentials so like that the chatbot does not go it does not get it's closed loop AWS wouldn't land clients if if corporate clients there so that's covered we and we use we leverage AWS's and bedrock Amazon bedrock capabilities on that front uh yeah we've got multiffactor authentication we've got ISO 2701 which is enterprisegrade security standards.  
01:03:07
 Nicholas Clarkson: We pass that with flying color. So, and that's the sock 2 equivalent, right? So, it's enough to land an enterprise client in the US. So, you know, if anyone says we have concerns about this, we we're strong enough to land a government as a client, that's where we are.Haider Sarwar: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: And we put a lot of money and effort. We put best part of a year into getting that because B2 large B requires strong security. So we did that early doors.Haider Sarwar: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So wait, you've got ISO 271 and sock two or just one?Nicholas Clarkson: No, it's it's so ISO 27,0001 is stronger than Sock 2. Uh we could crossgrade and get Sock 2, but but ISO 27,0001 is often enough to for us clients anyway.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um so Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I've just had procurement sometimes get funny about not having both. They just like we want sock two, type two as well. And it's like, okay, we'll we'll cross that bridge when we get there, I think.  
01:04:04
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I mean, you know, I I I could see it like that might be two months effort for us to do it. So, why not? That's Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, I had a question. So, by the way, this is one of the best products that I've seen. Like, it's so beautiful. I want to use it right now. Right. So, so this is really good. I would love to have and I'm sure Adnan as well. uh Heather I don't know but both of us we would love to have access to the product just to play around try to break it try to see what works and what doesn't my my question right now isNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: around the the day one user journey so if it's legal it's clear right they would have the entity graph or data living somewhere they put that in the system and off they go right are there any dependencies forNicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: other users that we need to be mindful of.  
01:05:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: So for example, for a treasurer, do they need to involve legal and get that entity grapple?Nicholas Clarkson: No. So they they I mean I so I would say if you're a treasurer and you don't know have access to your group structure chart you're not a very good treasurer becauseHassaan Ahmad: Could they do something with the system if they were to see theNicholas Clarkson: you don't even know what your organization looks like. I'd say that of tax of M&A of legal all of them. It's like uh you know you don't really have control but I would say most do and if they have access to it they can get started. Step one is build your group structure chart. you know, if you've got copy of it, you can build it manually in a few hours if it's not that, you know, if it's less than a hundred, might take you a few days if it's a few hundred. Um, or we can autogenerate it or the pathway is drag it into this AI loader and it will read it and reproduce it for you.  
01:05:59
 Nicholas Clarkson: So, step one, getting data into platform.Barak Peled: I'm Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: It's you know and that that's the from a trial period conversion to commercial is if they've got their data in the platform and they see utility for it the conversion likelihood is much higher right so like as fast as possible let's get your data into the platform time to valueBarak Peled: truth is a couple of times and I think what Nick says in the beginning is correct. They don't have the data. So I mean you remember um Bird he sent us like six different spreadsheets and said you deal with it you know and we did um Minehart from from from you know they sent us a an old chart from 2020 and he says it's the latest version he had.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, but he's not he doesn't he doesn't work in any of any of those functions.Barak Peled: Exactly. Yeah. But I'm assuming that's what's in the common folder in the common drive.Nicholas Clarkson: But but almost almost everybody should have access to it.  
01:06:50
 Barak Peled: You know that's what he could find.Nicholas Clarkson: And that might be a simple question to ask, right?Hassaan Ahmad: So, so let me rephrase that.Barak Peled: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The the reason why I'm asking this is now I'm thinking about the customer acquisition piece, right? And I'm I'm thinking about any point of friction in the flow, right? So the way we would want to run ads is or we would want to do this is we have really tight messaging, right?Barak Peled: Heat.Hassaan Ahmad: We have an offer that is really tight, resonates with whichever persona we decide to go with, right? The person looks at the ad, the person looks at the website and he's like, "Dude, I want to hit try this, right? I want to get them in the product as quickly as possible." whenNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: they get in the product, it needs to be so frictionless or it needs to be as frictionless as possible that you know they go in the product and three minutes later they have a live view of their org chart.  
01:07:43
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If we can get to that level, I think we're gold like that that is the holy grail, right? And so there's two elements to doing or making that happen, right? The first one is doing a guided onboarding flow. I don't know what that looks like. So I would love for you guys to take me through that and setting clear expectations, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So just say, hey, you know, if you've got your org chart anywhere, doesn't need to be most up to date, but if you've got an O chart, let's show you what you can do, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Like it's it's almost like that. Um, and that could be the hook, right? Bring your chart to life, for example. Like, you know, I'm just spitballing here.Nicholas Clarkson: I no I know I think you picked up on that at the beginning and this is like the common thread to all those stakeholders is this is one of the most important documents in your organization but it's unloved unused.  
01:08:35
 Nicholas Clarkson: What about if you could bring that to life and it's a strategic blueprint for your organization and Mr. Treasury you're looking for a treasury management system. No, you before you need that, you need to know what your group looks like. Same for tax, you know. It's like I'd be really opinionated about that. You think you uh like you really need to have your s*** together and you don't. You know, it's like a wakeup call. UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And I can almost see us approaching this tougher discussion from a CFO angle as well because there's just so many risk angles that we can play into, right? Just simply go into Are you are you hedged optimally, right? Are you going to get hit with any fine or something like that? Like there's so many risk angles and all roads in my mind right now leading back to the CFO, right? Because no matter what happens, the CFO is on the hook, right? If the filing is delayed, that could have ramifications.  
01:09:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: You know, if the hedging is not optimal, that could have ramifications. the tax structure is not optimal. It hits the IT well not it hits their net profit away.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: They're the ones on the hook for all of it. And in my mind, if we could anchor some messaging to them, they could almost root us in the organization and just say, "Hey, this person in my organization looks at this." And then just, you know, get a conversation with them.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So how we get that AB sponsorship? UmNicholas Clarkson: I think the key the key is what that primary message is and the one thing I have is that the strategic blueprint, right? But the step two tax might be lower your tax footprint. you're paying too much corporate tax for you know that's their primary metric right treasure is you know well something else like legal is x we need yeah you maybe need toHassaan Ahmad: with tax. It's a bit funny because you don't want to well nobody wants to be seen as lowering their tax where everybody wants to do it, you know.  
01:10:45
 Nicholas Clarkson: allude to that without saying it right it's like yeah it I know because it's a gray it's a gray area it's legal but then all the top advisers would tell you to do it.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Nicholas Clarkson: So, you know, would you hide away from Yeah. But anyway, I mean, it's like what's the key message? Like there are many messages, but what's what's the first thing that gets inside their head just as you guys got inside my head?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Like that's what I really want to get as step one is like, okay, how do we get in the head of the CFO, the treasurer? I mean, starting with general counsel, legal, right? But like that for me is the hardest thing we've got. Sorry, just the other thing you mentioned around we have the demo environment. So whenever anyone logs in for the first time, we showcase a fictitious sci-fi infused group structure. So it's it's kind of Rick and Morty Hitchhiker's Guide type. You know, there's a touch of humor in there, but it showcases what the platform can do.  
01:11:45
 Nicholas Clarkson: So you go, "Ah, okay, this is what it can look like." It doesn't necessarily do 3 minutes on boarding, but um that's I guess that's the goal, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: That's what I was going to ask, Nick. Like what if I go to the website, I put in my email, phone number, that's obviously submitted. Then does someone reach out over email and then you sort of like walk them through that demo environment? I assume the demo environment is like a publicly available account with dummy data that they just click around.Nicholas Clarkson: No. So, I mean, um, we've had some competitors try to get access to the platform. So, I know you guys sent the request yesterday, but I was going to do a demo anyway. We we would reply to that. So, e even if we had the self-s serve model, I would always want to check who it is that's, you know, and that' be an admin panel where it's like, okay, they are a legitimate prospect approved, right?Adnan Khan: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: And then they're in. So, be within a few hours they're in. But uh so right now we would we would set it up um so that' be us or the dev team.  
01:12:40
 Adnan Khan: And when they're in, what actually happens? Like does does does a human reply to that email or is it like an automated transactional email that goes out like, "Hey, you have access. You're good to go." Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: It's quick. You know we can do it you know in a in a few hours or definitely 24 hours but like sooner rather than later it would be approved and they're already in. They get an automated notification, right? And then and then and then they get an automated email on board, you know, like notion does like email one of seven.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Here's what to do. Here are the six.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Company.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adnan Khan: And at what point do you get on a call with them?Nicholas Clarkson: Um Yeah.Barak Peled: I think as soon as possible, Nick, I think we need to put a calendar view there or something to say book your on boarding call automatic.Hassaan Ahmad: Is he justBarak Peled: Uh, sorry. I didn't hear it.Adnan Khan: Barack, go back 10 seconds.  
01:13:39
 Adnan Khan: You cut off.Barak Peled: Ah, sorry. I was just saying I think we need to automate that as well. Like like like book your like a calendar link or something that says book your onboarding call now and just have them already scheduling as part of the automated onboarding.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. It's the psychology like trying to remove the hurdles. Like some people just don't want to call. They just go request access. Okay, I want to get in. I want to play with it and and if it feels like it's legitimate, then I'm going to have a call, right? But um so yeah, I mean ideally we want to get to a world where we don't even have to talk to them. It's like it's goddamn obvious how it works, right? And that might be us lowering our price point because we're not having to service them. Like I I I don't really want to be jumping on sales calls all the time. Like I like I learn learn a lot from them, right?  
01:14:34
 Nicholas Clarkson: But but this this points back to like and this is where like I think a lot of SAS businesses have a problem is like business process automation the glue of all everything right the flow from oh I've I've been given access billing order all done for you automatically right and there's multi-system upgrades downgrades inviting users like and it's like oh my god that you know that could be a thousand steps and we're just not there yet but that's the goal and it's like who has that skill set like it's very difficult to find because it's like you need a Zapia expert or you know it's not a sales expertise it's not marketing it's like who has it I don't know Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We we we wait long enough like agents are going to create agents and then life is going to be easy.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Barak Peled: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Um, sorry, one more quick question because I'm I'm trying to like as much as possible understand the flow and it's quite okay that it's manual right now by the way, but I'm just trying to like get a sense of where it's at.  
01:15:38
 Adnan Khan: So, at what point does money leave a customer's wallet? I assume they have a call with you like everything's good and there's like some form of payment gateway or something and that's when they accessNicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. So in An ideal world and we don't know the sales cycle yet but it would be a month well two weeks free trial or up to a month right we can extend it as required and then they get a Stripe link and it's monthly direct debit so you know uh and but it's a multi-year commitment so we've got single year or multi-year commitments from existing clients so but it's monthly billing and we sort of we avoided the like upfront total amount because it starts to get into like budget issues, right? We we want to, you know, it's that whole thing, all right, does it fit in next year's budget cycle or not? We want to be just at the point where you could squeeze it into this year's budget. Like because that is a you guys all know that, right?  
01:16:41
 Nicholas Clarkson: It's like brilliant. Let's put it in 2026. That doesn't work for us. It's like Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You got to get it done though. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: And I mean as there's another thing I was going to say like our approach so far has been via the network and outbound and and like the problem is I said this to Barack this is my humorous take on it. It's like us walking into a park and trying to sell a pair of shoes to somebody walking in the park. You know, you might get lucky that somebody wants to buy a pair of shoes, but but the reality is like there are people who are actively looking for governance software, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Nicholas Clarkson: We we are we have just got to get strike it lucky at the moment. It's like, oh, they just happen to be looking for it. But but like it's like no wonder it doesn't work cuz we're we're going into the park trying to fogg fusible and no one's out looking for for software like and that's the problem as I see it.  
01:17:38
 Nicholas Clarkson: We have no buying intent or signals up front. We just extract a list and and and hit them and hope for the best. And it's kind of a kill me now because people go into deep science on like clay and intense signals, cleansing, messaging, personalizing, you know, it's like people people do that 100 hours a week just that alone and still don't get good success.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Because you know what? So I use a tool called uh superhuman for my emails and superhuman tags every pitch as a pitch.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I control a delete all of them. That's just what happens. If you're telling me that an email is going to be a pitch, I'm just going to delete it unless well there's no exceptions. If I need something, I'm just going to go and Google it. That's just what it is, right? Um okay, cool. I think um so there's a couple of things that we need to understand but it doesn't need to be in this call we could probably do another call so one is the onboarding flow right so and by onboarding flow what we want to get to is so I've booked a call right I've gone to the website I've booked a call that has come to you somebody's given us a call scheduled the time that's already too well  
01:19:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: we talk about So once we are in that call right what happens what does the onboarding look like you know what does that initial one hour training so to speak look like and then you know at what point the client is just ready to play with the things play with the tool himself that's number one number two um I would love to get an understanding of your current customers so who they are what industry who did you approach and well who bought ultimately and if you have some intel on why they bought.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: That's number two. Number three, Barack, it would be really helpful if we could have some of the call transcripts that you've had, sales call transcripts. Whether or not they closed, that's beside the point. It's just getting that call transcript and you know that understanding that conversation that would be helpful. Um, is there anything of these three that we can cover today or should we just set up a separate call for this?Barak Peled: I just there's there's there's there's another block that I think we missed but also I I've seen doing like five times like that.  
01:20:16
 Barak Peled: So I don't know if you want no. So I think pricing is an is something that we need to talk about because we've had an excellent trial who said I sorry an excellent sale call but he said I don't want to jump on a trial if I don't know how much it's going to cost me. So and and and and then you start dealing talking about commercials before the guy even signed up. Um, so I think it will be really and because and I think one of the barriers because we're talking about barriers, one of the barriers is it's not a 99.999 39.99 product and and so you so it's sometimes outside it's even outside of the um limit of whoever is looking at us now. So say a cosec or a junior treasurer jumps on say I like look I like the look of it let's book a call. He can't approve that. you know, maybe even his boss can't approve that. So, so, so, so I think pricing adds a a barrier and we could be unleashing a sales campaign or an ad campaign.  
01:21:20
 Barak Peled: Um, only to get stuck down there where, oh, really s***, I didn't notice that much. Sorry, I can't do anything about it. So, which which I think we need to try and solve at the from the onset if possible.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. I think that's all right. But I mean, right now we've got we've got we can offer discounts, right? It's uh early deals for logos and it's it's not perfect, but pricing is aBarak Peled: Well, whatever it is, like I I I think that the system is worth the price we're charging. But I'm just saying when when you go you talk about a smooth onboarding process, it can happen when it's a $59.99. you stick your credit card on and then later put it in expense. But but but if but if the price is like £12,000 a a month and and even if we discount it to 2,000 a month because you're an early bird, it's still nothing that somebody can put on their credit card. So So yeah.  
01:22:20
 Barak Peled: So I think I think that's really really um um yeah, it's a we're going to hit that barrier whether or not the ads are effective. So we need to find a way to putNicholas Clarkson: Well, we can give you access to our our pricing calculator as well. It'd be good to get I presume this is being recorded on a few sites, but it' be good to get the the actions because there's some stuff to take away. I've I've also got give you guys access to um the well demo pricing uh your some transcripts etc. and our notion file, our Figma file.Barak Peled: Demo.Nicholas Clarkson: I've all got to do this before I go away, but I I'll I'll do my best. Um, your emails that are on this call, if I give you view, that's okay for view access to our Figma files and to to notion.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, do you have that um that plan?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh,Adnan Khan: I do.Hassaan Ahmad: You want to pull it up? Like when are you going away and for how long?  
01:23:33
 Nicholas Clarkson: um Friday for uh 9 10 days. But I mean I can be available for some like I'm sort of taking internal calls. I consider this an internal call. Um, so like I generally work anyway. Um, so I wouldn't wouldn't worry about that. I can be free. But Barack's also, you know, like for coordinating, you want to talk to customers or get transcripts. There's a lot that Barack can do whilst I'm um Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we're we're going to show you the plan that we had in terms of the things that we're going to do.Barak Peled: Yeah, thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: Let me pull it up on my screen. Uh, share my screen. All right. Um, while I'm here and before I forget, have you tried getting on this the IDC marketplace marketcape?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh, let me What's this?Hassaan Ahmad: So, this is are you familiar with magic quadrants etc etc. No. No. So this is a different one.Nicholas Clarkson: Uh, is this what is this what Gartner do?  
01:24:49
 Barak Peled: Yes. Yes.Nicholas Clarkson: Is this that right?Hassaan Ahmad: It's just that uh Diligent is calling it that they are a leader on IBC's marketscape. So you can well you can't really afford to not be there.Nicholas Clarkson: How much have they paid to get be called a leader?Hassaan Ahmad: I don't know. So that's maybe a question for you to take with Jessica Winright. I can drop this. Um, yeah, but it would be good to explore how to get on this.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: It's typically a long process.Barak Peled: Nick, I can reach out to Jessica or do you want to do it?Nicholas Clarkson: No, we can do one of us will do it.Barak Peled: There you go.Nicholas Clarkson: Definitely.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that's probably I don't know. I'm going to drop this in here and it has some details. So, check it out. Anyways, um this is the plan that we would be working towards. So, ignore this for now. Um that's an internal thing.  
01:25:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: But we're in week zero today. So, we've had the kickoff and you know, we're proposing a plan of attacks. What we would do is um it's quite internal. We should propose our plan. Okay. Never mind. Week one, which is going to be starting next week, we need to do some external customer interviews if you can connect us with others. The goal is to understand why existing customers use Fusible, right? So, um, Nick, I would love to do an interview with you, right, to really understand and download your thinking on the current challenges, um, why you build the product, what do you think the product does really well.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So we then try to keep that in. You mentioned in our last call that there was somebody who was a advisor or some friendly practitioner.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't remember exactly what she said. Who might be up for a conversation.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Could we do that as well?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.  
01:26:58
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. You can do you know what Paul Jiron one of our new advisers and investors he's a managing director at AON ex general council he knows I mean he really believes in what we're building um so he'd be a good yeah I just want to make sure we've got takeaways off his call that we could summarize because you like where where it's like yeah for some of these I would say like you know if it's like meHassaan Ahmad: I I can send them across. I will send them across after.Nicholas Clarkson: saying interview me, right? Talk to Paul Jiron. But if it's like talking to customers, go to Barack. If you want transcripts, go to Barack. Like um if you want a deeper dive demo, uh deep deep dive demo, Barack can help get you set that up. Um but if you want to talk about you know product ICP you I'm inviting you to whilst we're talking the the notion space because you'll have access to our GPT our um some of the light touch copy which is helping you guys get started right um so that we don't have to say it all.  
01:28:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Uh yeah, where you said I was organized that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um okay. Okay. So for the next week, these are the three activities that we're going to do, right? So we're going to do the interviews, we're going to look at the transcripts, and we're going to weed up your notion to get a baseline understanding of the product, the paint, uh the ICPS and so forth, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Somewhere in week one or starting week two, we will start developing the messaging to align with the customers and the targeted ICP. Right? From the conversation so far, it sounds like uh general council is the first one that we're going to do. I also want to take a stab at CFO, maybe treasurer. We'll see um what to get to, but we'll start off with this and our goal should be that by the end of week two or end of this month actually, which is week two, you should have the firstNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.  
01:29:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: draft of the messaging, right? So we can we can sit together we can look at that and we can think about you know does that hit the mark?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Is that what you're looking for? Um where could it be tightened and so forth basically going to be a Google doc that you get right?Nicholas Clarkson: And it without being like, you know, black and white, wireframe, you know.Hassaan Ahmad: So it's going to be hero section. This is where the hero headline needs to be. This is the sub headline. This is how we're going to structure it.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So this is the problem. This is the we follow a framework where it's um so your hero section then it's problem amplification right it's what exactly the problem is and why it exists then we introduce a point of view to show that you know one we understand the problem and two we've got a unique take on it which is why you should be looking at it and goes into the solution where you know well we've given you our point of view  
01:30:01
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: but this is what it actually looks like right so the first is that what you should be doing differently the second is how it actually works, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Then some social proof or some metrics or you know whatever. It's the evidence piece, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The treasurers who use this can save 30 hours every month, right? Or save 60 hours every fighting period, etc. Something like that.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And then it's something else, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So calls to actions simple throughout. So that's going to be the format as you get. It's going to be a Google doc so we can iterate on the fly.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um simultaneously Adnan's going to start working on the Barack.Nicholas Clarkson: All right, let me cut my toe.Hassaan Ahmad: Does that work for you?Barak Peled: What does sorry what was the question?Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry that the plan so far you you on board with Yeah.Barak Peled: Yeah, I've got two screens so I'm looking at the uh at the bigger one here.  
01:31:10
 Barak Peled: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, um week three is when we would aim to get the messaging plus the design over to you so that you could your person can start implementing that.Nicholas Clarkson: Well, not not design, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. The design by design I mean the prototype of it. So this should thing should go here. This thing should go here.Adnan Khan: So, Nick, very transparently, um, what do you want in terms of design?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adnan Khan: So, I I see your Figma, like I can I can copy over some components, jig something together, send it back to you pretty easily because I know like I see you have a design system, like you have high craft that you care about. So, what are you looking for? Do you want a wireframe or do you just want me to rig some of your components and send you back like, hey, roughly this is what we're looking for and then you can work with your team to implement.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, for me, it's like we've got some really good brand assets there, right?  
01:32:02
 Nicholas Clarkson: But we right now we just don't know quite what to say or we're not saying it effectively.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: And my my concern is having two sets of designers because I've got my product guy who he's he's deep in this, right? He's going to build it in framer and and like that I'm I'm at a point where I'm like, who's building it?Adnan Khan: Yeah, I I think for me your guy should build it.Nicholas Clarkson: Cuz I don't I don't quite know. And he he's building all of the product assets, too. So like he knows how to lift and place them, if you see what I mean.Adnan Khan: I think in terms of all the assets that you have, I wouldn't want to design anything new because I actually think your website's pretty slick. I think what I can do is I can lift componentry or a page. we can swap the copy in that way, send it back to you. You're going to have a look.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Mhm.Adnan Khan: Uh because I'm hoping he's a designer, I'm a designer, we can speak a similar language.  
01:32:55
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adnan Khan: He probably won't be pissed at what he sees. Um but obviously if he's building it out in framer, then he has some components built and he'd want to respect them. So I think ultimately he can make some decisions based on the layout that we give back to them.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adnan Khan: So I think that should be pretty quick.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I but I'd always like based on what you see with that I don't know if you've seen I wanted before we end this call to just show you around the not notion file and the um the Figma assets and the GPT but yeah that you might say just put this here move that there like take but it's like the order of play are we putting things in the right order first because it's like do youAdnan Khan: Yeah. Right.Nicholas Clarkson: design something first or do you write the copy first because if you write something then the assets and and this is where I'm like stuck I kind of need design inspiration to to encourage us to write it, but like but then I don't know where it goes.  
01:33:46
 Nicholas Clarkson: Or I write it and then you got to do it all the other way around and and Yeah.Adnan Khan: I think we write the messaging first. Uh then we can figure figure out how to how to display it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Okay. All right. We'll we'll figure it out. Um Yeah. Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. So yeah, so we'll do that. We'll finalize the messaging. You will implement it um to your designer. The landing page should be going live end of week threeish, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And once that's done, that would then unblock us to set up the campaigns, right? In the meantime, Adil and Atlan, they're going to figure out, you know, what to or how to run that campaign. We've got a few ideas on how we want to do the testing and so forth.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm going to leave it to to these guys. We'll obviously keep you posted. We'll let you know what we're doing, right?  
01:34:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: We can align on the approach, help you understand why we're making certain decisions. Uh, but these guys will learn it. So, and then we will set up the ad infrastructure and we'll start working on the creatives. So, creative is what the ad or what the video or something that somebody's going to see which is going to bring them to the landing page.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So the aim is to get all of that done by the end of week three so that when we enter week four or when we kind of when we're getting out of week four we're just at the launchNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: phase.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So that's the timeline that we would be working towards, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um I would be your primary contact for the messaging. None's going to look at the the other side, the design side of things, right? But we communicate on Slack. We're very chatty on Slack.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So just keep an eye on that.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.  
01:35:27
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And uh yeah, after week four, once we're live, then we'll pivot to Heather, right? So he will then be able to provide reporting. Obviously Adan and I would still be available and we'd still be very involved but from our perspective the major lift would be done right for the first one persona or two.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So we'll then focus on the other personas whereas Heather will then work with the deal and make sure that you have the metrics that you need you have full visibility of the pipeline sorry funnel that's running what's workingNicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: etc etc. Is that Wait, it's going to be the guy who's not on the call.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, that makes sense. And who's who's going to do the the LinkedIn ads? Who who takes the charge on on that. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: But yeah, so um he was very honest yesterday. He said, "I don't really want to be in client calls." Right. I I I would love to execute.  
01:36:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: I would love to strategize. I just don't want to be call. He's he's one of those hidden geniuses that, you know, that know their craft, but just Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I not.Adnan Khan: use me as a proxy for now. Um, but yeah, he's good.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay, brilliant. I mean, I'm like you guys clearly know what you're talking about and like Barack and I could do with help in order for you know Barack and I have got this sort of challenge like we need to give him more opportunities to have conversations, right? And like there's a clear gap here in in what we're doing and the time we have. So yeah, I think love to go out and win with you guys. And you know, every relationship we have, we take a long-term view. Every single one of them. Like we've not terminated any relationship.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: It's like, let's go and win together and use us as a great case study and let's enjoy that success together.  
01:37:22
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um Um Shall IHassaan Ahmad: The one sorry I' I've got one ask from Barack. So Barack hopefully we will start generating meetings quickly. Right. The ask is can you make sure that you record each of those conversations right?Barak Peled: Yes, I mean they're but they're almost always recorded. Um I mean they are always recorded unless there's a technical problem but they they are recorded.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Because what we do is in the first kind of first weeks, we take everything that is coming from those conversations and we calibrate on the messaging really quickly to make sure that for the persona that we're targeting, the messaging hits just right. Right. And once we've had like five or six of those conversations or the more we have the better, but five or six gives us exactly what the pain point is, how the people are talking about it, right? How do they quantify the pain? Once you have that, that's gold, right? That's that's that's where the money happens.  
01:38:20
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Sorry.Adnan Khan: Um, one one quick thing and I know we'll recap the action that's we have we have the AI thing running. Um, Nick, one when you do send us the the current flow like including the drip campaign, email, whatever. Like I think you could just put a bunch of screenshots in a big jam, connect and throw an arrow, just keep it simple that way. Um because I I I think Assan that's one thing we don't have in the plan right now is what the right flow is. So we're probably going to need that flow set up. Either that goes to a calendar, either that goes to an email, a sales sign, like whatever that is. I think we need to align on that as well. So, I'm I'm just saying that as an action item for us to recapHassaan Ahmad: I think that's already set up, right? So, Nick, you mentioned you've got a round robins who go to to your website, you've got a book a call button, and that that goes to either your calendar or Brocks or Rollins, right?  
01:39:11
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. It picks up one one or two out of the three of us. It looks all of our calendars.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So, we've got Yeah, we've got something there.Adnan Khan: Okay, I saw Like is it like a calendarly thing or it's just like the email comes in and it finds time with you guys and like how does the the customer pick a Time.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, uh, that's on HubSpot.Hassaan Ahmad: Is that set up on? What's that setup on?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh, you can try it on our on our website at the top.Hassaan Ahmad: It's like calendarly but it's based on hotspot.Barak Peled: It's a hotspot. Um meetingNicholas Clarkson: If you book a call that looks at mine, Barax and our other guy Roland's calendar and and checks the availability and it might pick up two or three and it will but h how I mean we share that we share that depending on what the conversation is but um I guess this is for like landing page and ads, right? Like um Yeah.  
01:40:10
 Adnan Khan: Yeah, it's uh it's quote unquote a calendarly. Yeah.Haider Sarwar: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Haider Sarwar: So, it's exactly like you know calendarly but it's just an integrated calendar within HubSpot.Barak Peled: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Adnan, would we want that to be on Cal for the Kraken?Adnan Khan: We can figure that out. Um, we can figure that out.Barak Peled: Heat.Adnan Khan: I We'll have to go a bit deeper. Like it depends on how um it depends on how the calendar is weaved into like Fusible's own workflow. So, if they have a thing going, then my first preference is we try and hook into that. If we absolutely can't, then we propose an alternative.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I Yeah, I I think I know where this going.Hassaan Ahmad: So the story Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: You You guys need to know what's going on, right? We we we put the the script in our website. I think you can we can give you the script so you can track it, too.  
01:41:06
 Nicholas Clarkson: So, that's probably what you're after.Hassaan Ahmad: It's it's slightly more well it's it's a bit earlier in the process. So the pixel I think LinkedIn also called it a pixel. So Cal has really good integration with the pixel and each time somebody comes and clicks on that data on that button the pixel gets trained right and that's the gold mine of data that we're after right so who'sAdnan Khan: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: coming to the website and actually on the button right and then we can track well if somebody clicked on the button but didn't book the meeting why right so what tip them off so it's optimization alongNicholas Clarkson: Right. Yeah. All right. Okay. I mean, we could I I actually have use cow on a the free plan, so we we we could just that that's not going to be a problem if we had to switch. I mean where you okay?Adnan Khan: Let me let me dig into this with a deal. Um, I think from the for the purposes of LinkedIn, we should be able to do like a simple URL match.  
01:42:06
 Adnan Khan: But if that doesn't work, then we can sort that out.Nicholas Clarkson: All right. We're we're pretty flexible on that. Um I just wanted to show you the hopefully you guys can see our notion page. Right. So what I what what I did So I've just each of the areas, right? We're starting with starting with legal, right? So that's first, but I've put their this is headline. This came from our GPT. So you can reproduce it, right? But legal functions, their strategic objectives, responsibilities, some of their pain points, how we can help them, compliance, what we do for them. Um, and then like finance, it's treasury, it's CFO, it's tax. Again, this might not be exactly what you want to say, but I I wanted to put an outline. M&A fund administrators, you know, again, this is quite good, I would say. So, we put some headline stuff as as a starting point. Um, the Figma design, I've put the put the link in here and I've given you guys access.  
01:43:13
 Nicholas Clarkson: It is is essentially um Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah, I'm in there.Nicholas Clarkson: So, it's it's this brilliant. Okay. And you can play you can play this prototype. I think if you if I click play here um it should it should load that.Adnan Khan: I like your It's got goodNicholas Clarkson: So So yeah. So and this is a big step forward for us, right? We've we've got some really nice new assets. They're not final, but but but they're getting better. Um we just don't have the all the right copy everywhere. and and you might think the order of things here is wrong. So would love I would we've never got this right. I'd love to get your guys um thoughts on on that. Um the GPT I've again this is another canvas. This tells you what the GPT can cover. It goes pretty deep. So like you could go and say compare fusible to diligent entities or uh you know pick pain points uh talk about features personas and so on.  
01:44:21
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um, so the link is there and if I I'll just pull it up you hopefully you can see it but if it's like if I just said uh compare fusible to diligent entities um it's got a deep knowledge base right and it can do some stuff like that and it can yeah it could talk about pain points and whatnot. So it it's not perfect, right? This is the ver first version of our own GPT, but you might be able to pick out some nuggets from here along with the conversations you have. What what I wanted to do is not you guys starting from zero because if we don't give you enough information, you know, it's like how could we possibly expect you to write ace copy? I think we need to empower you and if there's stuff missing and you want more conversations with us like we are available fully. Um yeah, any questions? Just just shout.Adnan Khan: That is that's actually fantastic. Um, one thing Nick I will say is um you probably know this but just for the sake of like clarity I think one of the ways we we do like like run a campaign is like we'll we'll have a creative and usually there would be like more than one creative at the front.  
01:45:44
 Adnan Khan: We'll test different angles. We'll send them through into a landing page. It will be your website but sometimes we isolate things like the menu. we don't show as many buttons. We'll show like two or three buttons max because we want to drive people into that funnel.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adnan Khan: So ultimately like what you might see is like oh we're bringing people into a page but that page doesn't exist in your site map for the website.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.Adnan Khan: So just just sort of sort of a quick flag there but yeah these pages look amazing.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay, cool. So, would that be on because we build it on framer. Um, so you saying that doesn't even have to be on frame.Adnan Khan: It should it should definitely be on framer. It should be you should build it exactly the way you build it today. It's just we would just need the URL to that page. That's it.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. Yeah, got you.  
01:46:31
 Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. So, it would it wouldn't be on the footer and it's like a separate page. Yeah.Adnan Khan: That's great.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. Got you. Yeah. And you say you say tell your guy to build this in framer and and it's I know what you mean.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: landing pages, they're much it's like less noise.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Make a decision.Adnan Khan: That's it. It's like fusible slp whatever we want it to be and it doesn't Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.Adnan Khan: So people like in in normal business operations users who come into your website can't reach it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Got you.Adnan Khan: But with that said, I I think like based on like as we sort of iterate and test and understand what angles are working, that sort of works back into your website.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.  
01:47:18
 Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, I would say, you know, when it comes to revshare, the you know, the big the bigger the fish, the bigger the revshare, the more compelling it looks for you guys. You know, if we there there are seven figure contracts out there for us to land in the foreseeable future, 100%. So, do the Rev show on that. It's uh it's crazy good. You know, we need to pick up the the midside. So, we partly why our revenue curve is is sort of flat. It's because like we'll take anyone right now. It's like our early customer profile. Um but, you know, we're moving up the scale trying to land slightly larger customers. the re the the revenue gets more compelling and and as you've seen with those work spaces we're now opening a pathway to fund administrators where it's absolutely cra crazy crazy opportunity for us.Barak Peled: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So we sort of have to start slow.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And and you know, I want to go back to a point that Barack made about the pricing piece, right?  
01:48:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: So it's it's not necessarily a bad thing to have a conversation where the person doesn't have the budget simply because, you know, if you talk to somebody at Apple and I don't the treasurer of Apple wants to have a conversation with you, he's not going to have the budget. He's not going to get it approved next year as well. When it does get approved, it's going to be a $10 million contract, right? So it's uh it's balancing that. It's giving you guys or extending the runway right now to make sure that you know you guys stay solvent enough till your next funding round and you know till those large big ticket items closing but at the sameNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: time it's you know building up that you know credibility that that piece that that gets you those big customersNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Barak Peled: Nick, I I know time's up. I just want to drop one thing and you did, you know, you think about it guys, but when we say general council, there are loads of third party agencies like Fund Admin that do it as an external service provider.  
01:49:16
 Barak Peled: So we we you know um I it's probably different language but it's just about you know we heard it from one of our remember we heard it from um Indepath I don't care what the lawyers do as long as they do it it's fine by me but it's it's it's another agency so so we just need to think about it if that's what we targeted inNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, but I think right now what we're targeting is corporates, right? We're targeting corporates, corporate general councils, right? Fund administrators. We we still got some product stuff to to like some of the stuff I showed you around inapp commentary audit trails and stuff in order for them to be in a buying decision with us. So that would be probably end of this year but it it is coming. So yeah, landing corporate clients is easy, but you know, the others are lengthy buying decisions where it could be six months and a long protracted negotiation with bespoke requirements and built to spec, you know, hosting in a separate cloud envir.  
01:50:23
 Nicholas Clarkson: We are absolutely ready. We might have everything you want, but there's a deal to be done. Might be discounted. lock it in for two years, off you go. Um, that's easily done.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Um, well, I had a question for Never mind. I'll just chat it to you.Nicholas Clarkson: It's been there's been a lot of ground cover, but hopefully it was useful for you guys. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: It's incredibly helpful. I mentioned that on our previous call. You're one of the most organized founders that I've come across. So, thank you again for everything that you've shared. We'll ingest it and we will come back to you with some questions, but hopefully by the end of next week, you should have the first draft. as long as we can have those transcripts, the conversations and so forth.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay, sounds good.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, messaging or something of the messaging for Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay, cool. Bar, you're on the you're on the Slack channel, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Amazing, J. Thank you so much. We're really excited to be working on this and uh looking forward to winning together. All right. Thank you.  
Transcription ended after 01:51:48

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
