---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Remotir Strategy Session – 2026/03/03 12:59 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-03T15:14:39.583Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-03T14:24:03.561Z
---


Remotir Strategy Session - Transcript
00:00:00
 Adnan Khan: But guessAdeel Khan: Oh, I was like,Adnan Khan: I tried to join the call.Adeel Khan: I forgot I was in the call.Adnan Khan: So now we are another session.Adeel Khan: How wasAdnan Khan: She left around 6:30.Adeel Khan: it?Adnan Khan: So then I came I just napped. Just took a nap. I don't take naps. So it's a very weird thing for me.Adeel Khan: Yeah, not bad.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah, man. Yeah.Adnan Khan: Nice.Adeel Khan: Not bad. Not bad. Nice.Adnan Khan: We did all the the forts, the masjid,Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Adnan Khan: that straight, whatever that was called. Yeah,Adeel Khan: likeAdnan Khan: the cream is where it's at, man. And then the whole I think the port is new.Adeel Khan: to cheesecake. Uh Asian side.Adnan Khan: There's a palace topy palaceAdeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: somethingAdeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah, bro.Adnan Khan: used to beAdeel Khan: Everything is everything is like  
00:02:07
 Adnan Khan: used.Adeel Khan: evenAdnan Khan: Yeah, it used to be free. What the heck? Say commercialAdeel Khan: like there there are foods that were probably expensive like probably more expensive than the UK. Yeah.Adnan Khan: is very expensive. I think they've realized theyAdeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: realized andAdeel Khan: Like Yeah.Adnan Khan: If you cross the bridge and go to Blue Mos sideway, that's even more expensive. Even you want to pay in eurosAdeel Khan: Mix.Adnan Khan: or nice, nice, nice, nice, man. Good stuff.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yes, I've given a deal guidance. Don't worry.Adeel Khan: message group forward. Yes.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Okay.Adnan Khan: I don't know how much you've been following like every a few people that I know in Dubai building.Adeel Khan: Oh yeah. Yeah. Twitter.Adnan Khan: Oh, I haven't even opened Twitter. s***.Adeel Khan: America.Adnan Khan: Wait a friendlyAdeel Khan: Okay.Adnan Khan: fire.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah, I mean that's just the  
00:04:23
 Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: excuse.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Property apartments. I actually don't think the property they will let the property market move. I will guarantee that for you. TheAdeel Khan: What isAdnan Khan: reasonAdeel Khan: affect?Adnan Khan: new projects will stop I think they will now focus on and make sure people don'tAdeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: default.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Man,Adeel Khan: Festival March 3rd.Adnan Khan: look.Adeel Khan: March. Let's see. bad.Adnan Khan: H1B. Apparently, there was a 14-day window.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: You have to put your name and fill out the questionnaire, etc., etc.Adeel Khan: Hold down.Adnan Khan: If I missed it,Adeel Khan: Oh,Adnan Khan: and that only happens once a year.Adeel Khan: deep down I know you are satisfied with thatAdnan Khan: Oh, yeah.Adeel Khan: decision.Adnan Khan: I was very happy. I was very happy.Adeel Khan: Nice. Interesting, man.Adnan Khan: Yeah, bro. Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: You are basically settled in  
00:07:20
 Adeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: now.Adeel Khan: Golf flight,Adnan Khan: We should be okay. Well, if things don't escalate.Adeel Khan: bro. Basically, I don't think it's going to deescalate for a bit. Maybe they just move around it or something.Adnan Khan: I think they'll move around it. Life will continue around it justAdeel Khan: No,Adnan Khan: mall like and then theAdeel Khan: maybe I can doAdnan Khan: influencer puppets they have Dubai.Adeel Khan: it.Adnan Khan: Yeah, he was attacked by 500 missiles, but because we we we have these people, they shot all of them down. DubaiAdeel Khan: Uh, same marketing campign.Adnan Khan: isAdeel Khan: So cringey. Both cringey, bro.Adnan Khan: Yeah. There are some groups that I'm in. Oh, will everything be okay by next month? I have my tickets booked.Adeel Khan: Screenshot Kyle Patel J was that two 300,000 people are likeAdnan Khan: two 300,000 for private.Adeel Khan: oh Yeah, just to getAdnan Khan: Wow.Adeel Khan: out.Adnan Khan: Opportunism. Opportunism.  
00:09:19
 Adeel Khan: Big time, bro. Big time.Adnan Khan: answer.Adeel Khan: Pretty interesting stuff, man.Adnan Khan: I genuinely think by the way influencers who talk about I leftAdeel Khan: JohnAdnan Khan: my I left UK I came to Dubai. I think the way I think the I think the way puts money in theirAdeel Khan: influencer marketing.Adnan Khan: payroll.Adeel Khan: A lot of it is influencer marketing.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Like I would not believe real at all.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: FAdnan Khan: Yeah, I need to uh I need toAdeel Khan: there.Adnan Khan: find myself a deal like that.Adeel Khan: influencer market.Adnan Khan: Yeah, you neverAdeel Khan: They're all They're all basically marketingAdnan Khan: know.Adeel Khan: strategies.Adnan Khan: That's the kind of agency influencer agency literally selling influencers.Adeel Khan: They're they're actually Yeah. Only fans give me full full agencies that only do only fans suffer the models models.Adnan Khan: interesting.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Very interesting. How do you think a product goes to 50 people, 50 influencers at the same time?  
00:11:26
 Adeel Khan: Yeah. InflencingAdnan Khan: Oh, no, no. Screw that. I'mAdeel Khan: influencAdnan Khan: talkingAdeel Khan: ago.Adnan Khan: Open.Adeel Khan: two years ago.Adnan Khan: Damn. Damn.Adeel Khan: Yeah, I wasAdnan Khan: Damn.Adeel Khan: like campaign.Adnan Khan: call.Adeel Khan: Restart key.Adnan Khan: I I think it was just a bad week in the market. UhAdeel Khan: campaign your creators are getting like 1.5Adnan Khan: Contemporary.Adeel Khan: something CTR I think SundayAdnan Khan: SoundsAdeel Khan: which layer Sonic, I can't hear you.Adnan Khan: fun.Hassaan Ahmad: Still can't hear it.Adeel Khan: Yeah, boss.Hassaan Ahmad: It's a boy. How was your trip? Bad timing, man. Bad timing.Adeel Khan: Now you'reHassaan Ahmad: Come on, man. That's something that you should just ditch people and just do itAdnan Khan: You don't want to go there with people for what itHassaan Ahmad: yourself.Adnan Khan: was.Adeel Khan: shooting.Adnan Khan: There is aHassaan Ahmad: He wants to have some that experience  
00:13:56
 Adnan Khan: door.Adeel Khan: Bro,Hassaan Ahmad: do. Yeah. And I was like, if you get out of my way and if you want to do this properly, then this is what I can do for you. But I I'm not going to do it in a,000 pounds bridge round. Let's talk. This is exactly what I need. It's like bus fitter. So, so let's see, man. I mean, he wants to do it. He wants to work a lot,Adeel Khan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: but he doesn't have the money. I just told him, I was like, "Bro, this is what good looks like. What I'm looking atAdnan Khan: Nice, man.Hassaan Ahmad: posting is like let's try to get some people in the tag retargeting audience and then we can just target them whatever.Adeel Khan: retargeting audience.Hassaan Ahmad: everything.Adeel Khan: UhHassaan Ahmad: But IAdeel Khan: nearly 3.16 1.19 1.05 and good 12Hassaan Ahmad: was very good manp99Adeel Khan: times.Hassaan Ahmad: it was the only one that got any clicks I  
00:16:10
 Adeel Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: think probably I thinkAdeel Khan: spending. Let's see.Hassaan Ahmad: okay 14.82 two on that one. Interesting. Interesting. 1199 I guess.Adeel Khan: An angle AI is making everyone which makes nobody aHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: marketer.Hassaan Ahmad: That then leads into the other stuff that you and I were talkingAdnan Khan: a segue.Hassaan Ahmad: about.Adnan Khan: I haven't. I was still working on um Why don't you start talking about it? I'm working on the LinkedIn dashboard visual that you very nicely told me not to do yesterday, by the way. Just rubbing it on your faceHassaan Ahmad: I didn't know that it would turn out this s***,Adnan Khan: perfectly.Hassaan Ahmad: man. The entire website looks so premium.Adnan Khan: to you have uh you have uh upskilled yourself now so you can't go back.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Your eyes have seenHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah, man. Yeah. Deal.Adnan Khan: thingsHassaan Ahmad: We have to show youAdeel Khan: the guy,  
00:17:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: something.Adeel Khan: bro.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we came across this amazing website. The offer was there. Everything was good. So we like So this is what we've done.Adeel Khan: There's a As youHassaan Ahmad: That was the reaction we were looking for.Adeel Khan: don'tHassaan Ahmad: Bro, we need cash fast like now. Now now now and for that we've got to do something desperate. So the desperation piece has led to this as low as possible. We go in, we start having some conversations, we start building pipeline so that we get to a situation. I'm not working my ass off to save Nick because Ben right now. Every pound matters. And two, we have more proof point coming in. We have more testimonials. We have more things that we can show to people and so forth. So, what we decided to do was that we just go in with a LFD ripoff, which is what you're looking at. do a campaign really quickly or this becomes a cash cow which then feeds the other one and we can switch it off whenever we want.  
00:20:00
 Adeel Khan: That's cool.Adnan Khan: I think the biggest the biggest difference is u I think it's for pricing the kad uh that's where his opinion is also going to matter a lotHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: it's going to be performance based uh and I know like market can different things about performance based pricing etc. So we're not just giving likeHassaan Ahmad: performance based half of it is performance based right so $499 per month plus we get a fee per qualified lead and we can just say slack mag that's a qualified deal I and I that's a different thing if we have two of these clients we have $1,000 coming in that's the piece that mattersAdeel Khan: What's what's the fee? Uh you guys are thinkingHassaan Ahmad: uh DVD for now but I think it would differ per client. So if we have somebody like Anick where their pricing is. So we'll see if most likely it's going to be either 10% either 15% of closed revenue. Yeah. Whatever the deal value is or we could have something quite simple like $100 per lead.  
00:21:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. $100 per C minus2 lead, $200 per C- level lead. Um, client then we can decide what it needs to be.Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. 1199.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So what we can potentially do then isAdeel Khan: solo openers and one to 10.Hassaan Ahmad: Can we exclude an audience? Can we doAdeel Khan: Yeah, you can set filters out.Hassaan Ahmad: audience?Adeel Khan: So basically, okay, let me show you. Let me share my screen. So Chinese under 1Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: million.Hassaan Ahmad: Um company industries company indude company industries or exclude this specific industry and the company I think we should beAdeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: okay right?Adeel Khan: Yeah. Do do the don't make it specific essentially or your audiencesHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: andHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Adeel Khan: yeah LFD professional services.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that's what would happen here as well.Adeel Khan: SoHassaan Ahmad: You can get the professional services company professional.Adeel Khan: yeah.  
00:23:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: I mean, we are a professional services doneAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and hopefully one feeds into the other.Adeel Khan: Yeah. If you guys want This is the newAdnan Khan: Lego AIAdeel Khan: lander.Adnan Khan: inspire.Adeel Khan: This isn't the design. This is the design case study section, I think.Adnan Khan: Don't really do that, do we? We have case studiesAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Pricing planAdnan Khan: now.Hassaan Ahmad: So 3.99 per month.Adeel Khan: beHassaan Ahmad: What is it? Is there a bag over here? It's like s***, man.Adeel Khan: 3099.Hassaan Ahmad: That's likeAdnan Khan: They're cuttingAdeel Khan: Then we hired someone.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: at least they won't s*** on the strategy. Uh they same same concept basically.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: I don't know. But yeah. Uh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: was better creative. top of the topAdeel Khan: direct with better creative just quality. Uh yeah and just change the price  
00:25:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: 1199Adeel Khan: and I think demand generation. We thought leure videos get build demand for LinkedIn ads. uh ideally space I'm trying to capture theirs but it's a lower priceHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: pointHassaan Ahmad: I think $499 is 3 something pounds 370ish, right?Adeel Khan: you can The bounce could look the I think 500 is not.Hassaan Ahmad: I thinkAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: so. Let's change that dollar to pounds orAdnan Khan: So change currency to pounds.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. A second. When we talk about changing currency to pounds, can't we just put that thing and then creative what I want to get to is the website is it just updates automatically.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Locations.Hassaan Ahmad: TooAdnan Khan: WeAdeel Khan: If if picks up location IDAdnan Khan: canHassaan Ahmad: much.Adeel Khan: Dynamic. IAdnan Khan: I wouldn't do it based on like currency conversion.Adeel Khan: forgot.Adnan Khan: I will do a fixed price. So the the statement would be if UK this price if not UK this  
00:27:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's what I want. Exactly.Adnan Khan: price.Hassaan Ahmad: USO is thereAdnan Khan: So what is the dollar price?Hassaan Ahmad: 499 499Adnan Khan: What is the pound price and what is the dollar price?Hassaan Ahmad: $499Adnan Khan: You're being about it.Hassaan Ahmad: if it works man inshallah we'll be changing it very quickly anyway so it doesn't really matterAdnan Khan: Okay, get me.Hassaan Ahmad: GBP. Do you think we should adjust a bit?Adeel Khan: bro early days. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I have an offer to get $400 in Google Ads credit.Adeel Khan: UhHassaan Ahmad: If I spend £400, is it worth us? So,Adeel Khan: bothHassaan Ahmad: if you spend £400, would would we or should we spend that 400 on Google?Adeel Khan: competition,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Should we just spend it on the LinkedIn thing that we're doing? office.Adeel Khan: LinkedIn And Google competitionHassaan Ahmad: AllAdeel Khan: 400 like Google Google's a platform where you need to spend 5k a month minimumHassaan Ahmad: right.Adeel Khan: like genuinely minimum like invalid you need to optimize for it or Google is like minimum for using  
00:29:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: stuff. What's type ofHassaan Ahmad: F.Adeel Khan: platform?Hassaan Ahmad: Fit her boys. Fit her. Okay. So, tactically then, um, Adan, you're working on fixing upscaling the screenshots, correct?Adnan Khan: UhHassaan Ahmad: BestAdnan Khan: yeah. Um as in you want to do them now?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, the three of us are here. Let's just do it.Adnan Khan: Yeah, bro. Anything to expediteHassaan Ahmad: No.Adnan Khan: launch. So, this is where we were working yesterday.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: So this is where we were yesterday. Wait, were weHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Adnan Khan: here?Hassaan Ahmad: that's where we were. Price $34.97.Adnan Khan: grow stack. Wait,Hassaan Ahmad: So, we have 1199. Take that. 999. Yeah. 499.Adnan Khan: hang on. Point the creative. You're talking about pointAdeel Khan: Boom.Adnan Khan: anywhere.Adeel Khan: Yellow, bro.Hassaan Ahmad: This one.Adnan Khan: NotHassaan Ahmad: So, let's take this.Adnan Khan: sure.  
00:32:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: Let's take this. Let us do a version of this.Adeel Khan: I guess it wasAdnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: J.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, Peter.Adnan Khan: Try the blue one. That could be interesting. Cool.Adeel Khan: I don'tHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Which one?Adnan Khan: ThisAdeel Khan: know.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: one.Hassaan Ahmad: Then doesn't that make it the same as everyoneAdnan Khan: I mean, what's the try for us,Hassaan Ahmad: else?Adnan Khan: right? Unless there's another one here that's useful. Calendar visuals which ones are currently performing I think yellow. So I think based on that blue we can also take the blue and adjust it into one of these.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: That's also fine. Uh, I would say it's got a visual in it. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: we couldHassaan Ahmad: So at the price point that we're goingAdnan Khan: doHassaan Ahmad: for, a visual probably is less important. The price is the differentiator here.  
00:34:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: So we should put the price up front and center.Adnan Khan: I mean, I agree. We can also use one of these old ones if you want.Adeel Khan: Yeah, I get all but it bro it.Hassaan Ahmad: Can you call my cursor?Adnan Khan: GGHassaan Ahmad: Game over one.Adnan Khan: TryAdeel Khan: Boss broAdnan Khan: final cut.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's go. This one. This one.Adeel Khan: fully manage LinkedIn ads.Adnan Khan: fully managed.Adeel Khan: ads.Adnan Khan: YouAdeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: sure?Adeel Khan: PolicyHassaan Ahmad: Can I likeAdeel Khan: policy LinkedIn has ban reject.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh,Adnan Khan: Sorry. What are we saying? What's theHassaan Ahmad: 499.Adnan Khan: price?Hassaan Ahmad: 9Adeel Khan: There's no go.Adnan Khan: No, youHassaan Ahmad: editing is like yeahAdnan Khan: areHassaan Ahmad: OCD.Adnan Khan: See, that's going on.Hassaan Ahmad: change. It should sayAdnan Khan: Well,Hassaan Ahmad: it should sayAdeel Khan: features. Is it the landing page add strategy  
00:37:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: add strategy messaging landing page creativesAdeel Khan: creatives?Hassaan Ahmad: add creatives and um it's called performance dashboard.Adeel Khan: name is going to do for the balancer. Let'sHassaan Ahmad: Add strategy. Add creative. Strategy and creative skill.Adeel Khan: go media buying strategy or creatives and strategies.Adnan Khan: media.Adeel Khan: Creatives and strategy or strategy andAdnan Khan: AddAdeel Khan: creatives.Adnan Khan: the grief over here. You can tell I likeHassaan Ahmad: You know, it needs to be two words, man.Adnan Khan: I like media buying though. That might be a trigger for people uh especially people who don't understand ads. So let's find a way toHassaan Ahmad: strategy strategy instead of add creatives.Adnan Khan: I mean we can do a separate bullet point as well for ad strategy.Hassaan Ahmad: SoAdnan Khan: Duplicate that. Who cares?Adeel Khan: Take messaging strategyHassaan Ahmad: that workAdnan Khan: Here'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: guys.Adnan Khan: the ad strategy landing page understood.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Okay. So which is second  
00:39:21
 Adeel Khan: Yellow bus priceAdnan Khan: one.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: change.Adnan Khan: So here we go.Hassaan Ahmad: This gives you a priceAdnan Khan: 499.Hassaan Ahmad: 499 pounds.Adnan Khan: I'll be just in the moon. Oh, you couldAdeel Khan: got theAdnan Khan: sitAdeel Khan: message.Adnan Khan: messages aboutHassaan Ahmad: OneAdnan Khan: He'sHassaan Ahmad: sec.Adeel Khan: I messageAdnan Khan: gotAdeel Khan: It looks real for some reason.Adnan Khan: my last message to you those dominoes. ItAdeel Khan: ItAdnan Khan: isAdeel Khan: doesn't.Hassaan Ahmad: Is it worth doing a lead generation plus authority one? The 999 one9erAdeel Khan: Sorry about that.Hassaan Ahmad: lead gen plus authority just thought leadership 499.Adeel Khan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: So let's not complicate it.Adeel Khan: basically the more options you give, the less the chance ofAdnan Khan: Yep. The good old pricing metrics. How do you want this? You want You just want the message in here. Is that what you're saying?Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah.  
00:41:44
 Adeel Khan: Like I message it all then screenshot all there. Let's go whiteAdnan Khan: kind of don't want it to be dark.Adeel Khan: screen.Adnan Khan: Wake up today. I took a nap today.Hassaan Ahmad: Can I get it?Adnan Khan: took a nap today,Hassaan Ahmad: You dead.Adnan Khan: bro. First day. I took my nap after uh maybe a year. I took aAdeel Khan: N bro,Adnan Khan: nap.Adeel Khan: you recently took a nap. Yeah, there cuz I remember telling everybody I know this guy for so long and this is the first time he took a nap.Adnan Khan: Yeah, man. The brain doesn't stop. The brain doesn't stop.Adeel Khan: keep running for like a couple of days continuous cuz it's a new account basically.Hassaan Ahmad: going.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Good. Good. Meanwhile, someone is thinkingHassaan Ahmad: There youAdnan Khan: likeHassaan Ahmad: go.Adnan Khan: Why don't you guys work on the next one in the meanwhile? Finally.  
00:44:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: Let me send you guys another one. Can we put this somewhere.Adeel Khan: Yeah. But lead.Hassaan Ahmad: EmailAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: obscureAdnan Khan: You go again. Yeah. ShHassaan Ahmad: Yep.Adnan Khan: green.Hassaan Ahmad: forAdnan Khan: AttentionHassaan Ahmad: now. All right.Adeel Khan: my dog.Adnan Khan: TakeAdeel Khan: Why is yellow? yellow yellow there. Let meAdnan Khan: away.Adeel Khan: see.Hassaan Ahmad: a version of this email address. Now it just shows leads.Adeel Khan: Bro, caseHassaan Ahmad: GoodAdeel Khan: stud.Hassaan Ahmad: idea. I have another one.Adnan Khan: Something likeAdeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: that.Hassaan Ahmad: That book calls with decision makers. I like James Wali.Adnan Khan: Then giveHassaan Ahmad: I like this one a bit more.Adnan Khan: upHassaan Ahmad: The title she CTOAdnan Khan: decision makers.Adeel Khan: We don't need a the picture pictures picture thoughHassaan Ahmad: I think we have. Do we have enough?Adeel Khan: for  
00:50:15
 Adnan Khan: I mean, let's drag him to a side.Adeel Khan: We need basically allHassaan Ahmad: Our fig are soAdnan Khan: So,Adeel Khan: these.Hassaan Ahmad: messy.Adnan Khan: bro, don't ask Claude to do anything with it.Adeel Khan: Oh.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm notAdnan Khan: I like it's organized clutter.Hassaan Ahmad: plAdnan Khan: Hang on. No, hang on. Hang on. Hang on. Hang on.Adeel Khan: Now open Yeah.Adnan Khan: Follow me. Click me on the topHassaan Ahmad: So final third March. Okay.Adnan Khan: right.Hassaan Ahmad: See, I like it. Good, man.Adnan Khan: Uh but hang on.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Adnan Khan: Uh just double checkingHassaan Ahmad: boys. Yeah, here's what $499 per month gets you. As much as I like it,Adnan Khan: again.Hassaan Ahmad: I think the one with Mike was way more powerful testimonial.Adeel Khan: What?Adnan Khan: Want to put it to aAdeel Khan: AlthoughAdnan Khan: test.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Adeel Khan: You see it all the time,Hassaan Ahmad: I would put the mic one.  
00:51:49
 Adeel Khan: bro.Adnan Khan: Okay. Got the thing.Adeel Khan: I don't goAdnan Khan: I don't want to use enter again, you know. The queen.Adeel Khan: Hold.Adnan Khan: GoodHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Adnan Khan: stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: it bro it comment.Adnan Khan: I think the reason why is uh attractive is because it's like actual case study useHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adnan Khan: case. WhichHassaan Ahmad: InsideAdeel Khan: There's your buttonAdnan Khan: check?Hassaan Ahmad: broAdeel Khan: again.Hassaan Ahmad: liveAdnan Khan: I'm kidding. Got it.Hassaan Ahmad: roll primate.com/lp/in-growth.Adnan Khan: Desperate times none project land.Adeel Khan: Yeah. March 8, 2026. March 2. So March 8, 2026. Okay.Adnan Khan: ExecutAdeel Khan: More dear.Hassaan Ahmad: to know Parker Cox change here.Adeel Khan: We checkAdnan Khan: last two minutes I know ChlorAdeel Khan: God.Adnan Khan: I was like create a real visual of the Apple calendar and then I gave your visual as a reference and then I told it change the name of Parker to Hassan and then I sent it to Cox meeting with  
00:55:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: That was funny, man. Well, myAdeel Khan: Uh website maybe pound website maybeHassaan Ahmad: choAdnan Khan: Yeah, I'm working on that now.Adeel Khan: on.Adnan Khan: Is it just for the landing page?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. While you're working on thatAdeel Khan: Sorry. It's time.Adnan Khan: Yeah, I think that image can be optimized more. 499Hassaan Ahmad: GetAdnan Khan: landingHassaan Ahmad: there.Adnan Khan: page.Hassaan Ahmad: What it includes? Can you take a look?Adnan Khan: Uh-huh.Adeel Khan: said that before.Adnan Khan: WasAdeel Khan: Yeah, looks good.Adnan Khan: there any?Adeel Khan: Check.Hassaan Ahmad: 12 post is three per week.Adeel Khan: I would remove and publish forAdnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: you. Okay. Audience open.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Uh, I'm doing it. So, now you need to be sharingAdnan Khan: Uh, screen sharing.Hassaan Ahmad: hAdnan Khan: Oh, sorry. I didn't even realize I'm sharing.Hassaan Ahmad: So LinkedIn growth you get third March.Adeel Khan: I think go for job seniorities.  
01:00:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: CanAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: youAdeel Khan: VP owner partners delete exclude. Sorry. Uh revenue be yeah it's notHassaan Ahmad: revenue.Adeel Khan: a good filter I think marketing myself only Huh? What? Seniorities exclude director. Yeah, it's fine. Uh industries government or education.Hassaan Ahmad: You have any call?Adeel Khan: Yeah. them. So I would remove uh education, higher education, primary, secondary job uh e-learners then remove energy.Adnan Khan: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: NowAdeel Khan: farming farmingAdnan Khan: bad.Hassaan Ahmad: what?Adeel Khan: administration. Yeah, it's beenHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: oil, gas, and mining vehicle. Yeah. Okay. I think interest uh marketing or sales software product. Yeah. is my marketing or sales. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Again,Adeel Khan: I think exclusions member member trades or expert calls you could call. Yeah. FectorHassaan Ahmad: You single image 50.Adeel Khan: What you guys six sixish  
01:05:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: Thank you.Adeel Khan: LP wizard all the I'll start the visitor.Hassaan Ahmad: There youAdeel Khan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: go.Adeel Khan: take them.Hassaan Ahmad: Bro, Figma ch ready.Adeel Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Can I download all four of them together?Adnan Khan: Uh just say export four layers.Hassaan Ahmad: export four layers atAdnan Khan: I would say just do 1x by the wayHassaan Ahmad: this.Adnan Khan: 1xHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I read about it and apparently asAdnan Khan: size but they're already bro they're already quite big.Hassaan Ahmad: inAdnan Khan: So if now you're having the opposite problem now you're uploading them to be way too big and that's making it worse. So if you press command Z just press command Z that's how big they already are.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: That's the 100% size.Hassaan Ahmad: For layers.Adnan Khan: Always design in 3x.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Okay.Adnan Khan: Yeah, retina was 2x uh and xtr is 3x.Hassaan Ahmad: Wow. Okay.Adnan Khan: resolution.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, you got handy bite.Adeel Khan: Uh, it's my way all the  
01:08:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: Anyone?Adeel Khan: second. This could be the headline. Let me see. Let's make it lookAdnan Khan: Yeah, I love looking at claw code. Beautiful.Hassaan Ahmad: RB saying Y.Adeel Khan: next Okay. The second one isHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, this is what it looksAdeel Khan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: like.Adeel Khan: it'sHassaan Ahmad: HappyAdeel Khan: here chocolate. Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: go.Adeel Khan: the first initial traction I got was a website visits campaign, I think.Hassaan Ahmad: should do. Yeah. Sorry. AddAdeel Khan: Yeah. Chocolate.Hassaan Ahmad: So boys leads 360. Good working session, boys. Uh, next order of business is my one login keyboard assessment.Adeel Khan: Mhm.Adnan Khan: Uh, proving I'll cutHassaan Ahmad: assessment we need to write three to four posts account. Can you do thatAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: assessment? I think I shared that on the my login.Adeel Khan: Yeah. What happened?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, nice man.  
01:14:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: William and Smith. Smith and Vimson. God, it's so nice working with a new working with a business that actually does work. 1,700 employees 1,700 into 4 into 12. Nice, man. Last dollar client perAdeel Khan: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: year.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, Adan, you're going to work on the assessment. Adil, you're going to work on three, four posts for to accompany that assessment. best.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: growment. Is it is it just a landing page that needs to beHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Assessment is it is just it is just a landing pageAdnan Khan: created?Adeel Khan: Awesome.Hassaan Ahmad: but I think it's a bit more nuanced than that are new original assessment to be downloaded. We have to make decisions on posted andAdnan Khan: So,Hassaan Ahmad: stuff.Adnan Khan: it's not edit. It's a cursor project.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: It's not a web flow edit. Yeah. Check.Hassaan Ahmad: That's why I'm coming to you,  
01:16:31
 Adnan Khan: I think I'll just look at it.Hassaan Ahmad: man. I could haveAdnan Khan: I'll check. I'llHassaan Ahmad: justAdnan Khan: check.Adeel Khan: fieldHassaan Ahmad: The hell?Adeel Khan: 43%.Hassaan Ahmad: Nice, man. Nice.Adeel Khan: Yeah, we areAdnan Khan: Sorry, which one am I lookingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Adeel Khan: thisHassaan Ahmad: my bestAdnan Khan: at?Adeel Khan: one.Hassaan Ahmad: market.Adnan Khan: Oh, son.Adeel Khan: Yeah, it'sAdnan Khan: Can you go into by country though?Adeel Khan: good.Adnan Khan: Is it possible to see? Oh, that's a 43%Adeel Khan: Yeah, bro. Damn, but good s***Adnan Khan: CTR.Adeel Khan: fell all 60, 43, but still pretty high.Hassaan Ahmad: Nice.Adnan Khan: screenshot the Wait.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Adeel Khan: be calledHassaan Ahmad: bro. What's the best practice? Can I boost it? Yeah.Adeel Khan: it hurts you. Uh usually practice then it just performs better overall. So you just kind of want to Boost your higher performing ones.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: Personal religion.Hassaan Ahmad: Nice, man. VeryAdeel Khan: AndHassaan Ahmad: nice.Adeel Khan: boy engagementAdnan Khan: Bro,Adeel Khan: page.Adnan Khan: you should be able to launch once the build succeeds.Hassaan Ahmad: I've already done this, bro.Adnan Khan: Oh, nice. That's notHassaan Ahmad: Like what are you talking about man? Campaign is life.Adnan Khan: okay. Hello boys.Adeel Khan: I'm sure nothing.  
Transcription ended after 01:20:31

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
