---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Nick/Remotir – 2026/01/19 11:55 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-19T13:14:27.366Z
meeting_date: 2026-01-19T12:37:09.192Z
---


Nick/Remotir - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I'm all right. But um hold up. I was just happy Monday.Hassaan Ahmad: Happy Monday to you, mate.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: I like how both of us are in founder apparel now.Nicholas Clarkson: exactly. You just want to go comfortable cuz everything else isn'tHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: comfortable.Hassaan Ahmad: How's uh how's life been for you?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Good. I mean, you know, we're we have a good opportunity for sure. And um I um I'm treating this as a lever for I was this is my thought process, right? We we're having a discussion about acquisition and it's also an opportunity to sort of fasttrack a fund raise to say, look, we could do a raise at half a potential valuation that will get bought at. do a quick million raise on 10 million and say, "Look, you could get out in two months and it might be at 20 20 million." That way we lock inHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: our we safeguard our future and we lock in um well as a negotiating tactic.  
00:01:12
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um yeah, and it's just um you know where I'm going with this, right? It's like you can get you can get in and out. you've got an inside track into the market dynamics why why this has come about and your fallbackHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: position is you're just a longer term investor infusible umHassaan Ahmad: So are you like are you actually having an active acquisition discussion? Amazing man.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah I meanHassaan Ahmad: That's very good.Nicholas Clarkson: basically I think what what what's happened you know this could fall over like obviouslyHassaan Ahmad: As these things Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: but Um, but I've got some intel on the market as to why. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: there's there was an NASDAQ did a similar thing. Basically, NASDAQ obviously hold it forever,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: but for for us this would be part of a buy, build, and sell strategy. So that there's precedent and then what they've obviously done is gone out and look going, well, we need we need entity management.  
00:02:18
 Nicholas Clarkson: let's have a look at some UK centric or European centric solutions.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: They've probably spoken to everyone before they've reached us and then they've obviously and as my instinct tells me is they all are dated, underwhelming, not not actually um that useful for board teams,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: which is what their tool does. And so really they've seen the product direction and it's a young team that maybe understands that there is possibly a better way. So before like okay we're taking you you're the guy in the team to go and build it. Um and we're not yeah we're not buying your revenue. We're buying the team that's going to build the the diligent killer. Um so in that sense it you know it's just a really early move. Um and this is part of the challenge right we see this on the sales is like they have the audience but not the solution. We have the solution but not the audience you know and you just stack you know exact level contacts in all the largest groups with a solution where they go oh there's reputation behind it now.  
00:03:29
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um, so like it's so fascinating because like I actually got some intel, did a bit of work on it. I was like in a way, you know, this all kind of makes sense. Um, it's just would be a very early move and like what a deal would look like and all the rest of it. And again, it could fall over, but I want to use this whilst there's heat. It's like, okay, I could use this to do a quick funding round, establish a baseline valuation, raise a million, and not stress out for four months. Um, yeah. So, it's kind of win-win. It's like, as long as you believe in the proposition, we could do something like that fairly quickly. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. And I think a million is an is a small enough amount for serious existing investors andNicholas Clarkson: umHassaan Ahmad: you've got quite a few of them to just, you know, look at the opportunity and say,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: "All right, you know what? I'm looking at a 100% ROI in,  
00:04:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: I don't know, two years, maybe less. Why not?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's go forNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. New ones go up.Hassaan Ahmad: it."Nicholas Clarkson: You know what? I could, you know, maybe I don't know the proposition, but I like the deal and and and the market intelligence tells me why that thisHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: deal would make sense. And I I could get in and out and,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, make a 50 100% or more return on my investment in two months.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: But I all I've got to do is accept that the fallback is I'm I'm a long-term investor.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: And that's like I've got a window now of four to six weeks where maybe I could leverage that. It's like a hedge. It's like guarantee our safeguard our future for a year or two and give away a bit of the upside but allow people to make a return if it does work. So anyway, I'mHassaan Ahmad: Is that the same company that you were talking about previously that somebody had reached out to you?  
00:05:19
 Nicholas Clarkson: thinkingHassaan Ahmad: um a group of investors I don't know I don't remember the name because if it's that or somebody similar you know that that is what gives it credibility that you know there's a serious group of people looking atNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I mean this this a PE firm that has six billion war chest they've just raised.Hassaan Ahmad: thisNicholas Clarkson: So they're they're California based. They own a uh a UK intelligence platform and they and they've been told they don't have this solution and they should if they want to buy, build and sell. So it's all it's you know this is like you know sign from the gods. It's like we were doing the right thing to focus on product commercially soft launch. I was being told that was the wrong thing but my instinct was always like if you've got a good product it will have it will find a home one way or the other. The danger was if I,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, we went and put a load of overheads in but didn't figure out go to market  
00:06:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: then actually I got a quote I saw the other day and it said this is to me your job is not to scale sales it's to strengthen product market fit because because scaling sales follows off the back of product market fit. I was like, that's such a refreshing way to look atHassaan Ahmad: It is it's it's very interesting because I'veNicholas Clarkson: it.Hassaan Ahmad: been working on our proposition as well and the thing that I've gone to market with nowNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: is actually product market fit validation right It's the first thing that I'm like that's a gate that I'm putting in in all the conversations I'm having from this point on very very quantifiable and a very hard rule-based gate in which it's like do you have product market fit if you don't have product market fit it requires a completely different strategy and I'm not going to be the guy who goes to hey I'm going to scale your GTM before we actually done that. So amazing. Where did you come across that code from?  
00:07:42
 Nicholas Clarkson: Oh, there's a blog. It's got there's a business called Vector which does the website tracking and signed up as a free user and then I'm on there marketing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I sort of always want to ignore it and then I take a look and it's like um it's always just like I feel like he's speaking to me. I was like okay. Anyway, this is relevant for you, right? But it's what you do externally, but also you yourself trying to do that inside, right? How do I get out of the way?Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: It's like team enablement and building a business that scales where you're not, you know, the limiting factor that you've got processes and tooling and all the rest of it that does that quick.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, feeling it now actually. So, um, oh, AI has been very good. it's taken. It's helped quite a lot. But what I'm finding is it very quickly starts looking generic. And I've been thinking about the point where I would need to bring in somebody else and what that's going to cost me.  
00:08:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: And man, I'm looking at 150, maybe 200 base to bring in somebody that I'm going to be happy with and just go like, hey, you know, I trust this guy to do this thing. Because I'm finding that the reason why people gravitate to me is not because of what we do. Like the tactics are what the tactics are. It's the experience behind it, right? It's it's how we show up. It's you know how we talk.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: It's what we've done in the past. And that unfortunately I mean we're we're basically buying 15 to 20 years of experience of somebody very very senior and that's just that's going to be very expensive.Nicholas Clarkson: Have Have you built your own um GPTs?Hassaan Ahmad: I have um they tend to trail off, you know.Nicholas Clarkson: Well, it depends if you're trying to do it for many things or one things cuz what I'm my the trendHassaan Ahmad: UmNicholas Clarkson: I'm seeing is just build a GPT for a very specific use, right? I mean, I do that like, you know, G my GPT knows a bit about fusible, right?  
00:10:12
 Nicholas Clarkson: But then I you almost get this kind of rage where it's like you know it just endlessly spits out nonsense or rewrites something that was already good and it's like you know it's you get this fatigue and tiredness but like I've got it with that blog post one where I put in all the right sort of language and gave it great instructions and it's like if it just does blogHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: writing and I say this is my thought piece rewrite it um do a bit of research then it's great, but if I start asking the same GPT to write an email for me, like it it really just doesn't work. So, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: doesn'tNicholas Clarkson: a step back, I think if you do if you do one, this is you where you almost have to slow down to speed up where you go, right, I've got to get all this out of my head and spend a couple of weeks just buildingHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: something that works. Otherwise,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: you get generic copy and um it's almost worse  
00:11:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: It's It's a lot worse because when you look at it, like I'm I'm looking at LinkedIn posts and every single post just looks the same now. And you can tell that somewhere GPT has been involved in making this. And if I'm feeling it then I imagine a lot of the buyers a lot of the audience are also feeling that as well and they I've started calling it the trust tax you know like the trust tax is just increasing like people are they don't trust anything that looks gptish um and that's the challenge which is why INicholas Clarkson: Yeah. But remember your like your voice like this is where partly why I wanted to slow down our blog posting, right? because I was I it was becoming more and more clear what I wanted to write about and it was following your sort of language, right? It was like I know what I want to write about, right? And then I'm going to use a GPT to help me do that quick, right? But it fundamentally is I want to talk about this which I don't think other people are talking about and that gives you  
00:12:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: a an angle, right? And then then it be,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, you get the best of both.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. Yes. What I've started doing actually is use GPD as a creative block remover rather thanNicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: anything else. Like I would ask it to brainstorm some ideas with me. So once I have the ideas like great I go and I write something and it doesn'tNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: matter what the quality is. I just go and write it. Ask CPT2 uh rerun.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It brings it in a format that I'm like 40% happy with, but that then unblocks me to do the polishing, the the cherry-picking of things that I need to do instead of the examples move. So that allows me to move faster. But again, that's time, right? It's a lot of brain power that you have to invest into it to make sure that sounds exactly like you and it lands the impact that you wanted to.  
00:13:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: My hope is that GBTs one day would become so smart that we could just be like, "Yo, just write about this and it knows exactly what to write about." I don't think we're close toNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that.Nicholas Clarkson: It's like it was super useful like in the beginning and then it's like you're getting to the point where it's almost stressing you out. I'm I'm finding that it's like it just gives me way too much information no matter how much I askHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: it to slow down. Uh anywaying off but yeah I uh you know this is all good things come with a degree of suffering so you'll find aHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. I'm really enjoying it though. Like it's stressful.Nicholas Clarkson: wayHassaan Ahmad: Yesterday I was working on a Sunday to like 11:30, but you know, it's fine. My wife keeps telling me that I've got to hold a very thick line on, you know, what's working and what's not. and I'm trying to find that balance.  
00:14:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, that I'm just enjoying it soNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: far.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Cool.Nicholas Clarkson: Cool. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicholas Clarkson: Um I saw the the Africa landing page. I mean, the cop is really good, right? But I don't think it really talks about like what we do. Um, and um, you know, we were when we were rebuilding the website, you know, we've got these landing pages sitting there and we're like, "Oh, it's day it's out. You know, the themes moved on and maintaining them is is also a bit of a a pain." So, I I didn't realize you were planning on doing a landing page.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I was more just thinking we were going to hit that audience. Anyway, soHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Do you want to hear my thinking behind it?Nicholas Clarkson: umHassaan Ahmad: So, I've well, you didn't say yes, but I'm just gonna go into it anyway. So, I've been really thinking about why Fusible has been a challenge.  
00:15:07
 Nicholas Clarkson: GodHassaan Ahmad: You know, there's no dancing around it. It has been a challenge, right? We've spent, I want to say, five grand so far. Um, attribution problems aside, I'm personally not happy with the impact that we have been able to deliver. And I've been asking myself why that is. And the one thing that I keep coming back to is that we're trying to create a market here, right? We're trying to be category defining in a very slowm moving, very kind of old archaic kind of industry. Like nobody really thinks about, hey, I need a better way to visualize my entities,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: right? It's always starting, the starting point is always, hey s***, I f***** up. by mr filing or you know my key person has left and now you know I'm at risk x y and z and that's the problem they're trying to solve and the moreNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I think about it the more I keep coming back to the education element of why something like fusible makes sense so I build the landing page I'm envisioning a multi-tiered approach where we have the top of funnel which is pure education not on the product on the problem, right?  
00:16:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, what is the problem that we're trying to solve, right? And that is what that page does, right? The sections that we have about Athenian or or you know your existing stack and so forth and how fusible complements it. It's to answer some questions that they might have while reading it that oh, you know, this sounds like someNicholas Clarkson: I think the the thing is I think the website now kind of does that right like it it okay we should eventually do proper landing pages but if you're finding your way to fusible We do the role based perspective. We've got blogs. We talk about thought pieces. If people people linger long enough they they Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: And that'sNicholas Clarkson: but it's just the challenge is like you have an idea, right? And it's like back on me and Pot to go and do something and there lies the problem because they don't have time. So like what's what's the the lowhanging fruit? And my I don't know how much we spent of our I don't know what two months so far but  
00:17:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: oneNicholas Clarkson: um what we've done oneHassaan Ahmad: month.Nicholas Clarkson: month.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So we in December youNicholas Clarkson: Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: rememberNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. And just like maybe we just do a bit more blunt force, right? Because what we were doing, I was doing posts and you were promoting them, right? Those posts are like a real specific niche. But let's say I do a post, you know, I talk about the new announcement and we have a nice image and it talks about the whatever new breed of entity governance for cross functional team.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: Sorry, that is just a broad advert for fusible and then you can just promote it to different audiences. So, it's just just repromote the same thing and it it's it's quick and it's doable and you know, we're not talking about KYC like all of that stuff was useful because it's now in the blog, but we're not talking about one specific thing. We're just kind of advertising the business and I can do that.  
00:18:29
 Nicholas Clarkson: It's like just get a post out that relaunches the website, you know, with a nice hero and you can promote it to whoever you want and I can do that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um I would love to. So my issue with that is that well there's two issues. The first one is we we did that with the previous two grand that we had, right? We spent almost all of it. The and I canNicholas Clarkson: But we didn't though because we we were boosting the posts which were really specific areas within it. If I'm saying if I do a post on my feed and I go right fusible whatever new breed of entity governance for cross functional teams maybe I could do it with a video where you can see things moving right and I just appear it pops up and it's just a broad advertisement but boost the rate the fee structure is is boosting not it's a dollar not $18.Hassaan Ahmad: I get that.Nicholas Clarkson: $1.Hassaan Ahmad: But Nick, what are we trying to solve for here?  
00:19:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? Is the is the intent just to create awareness about fusible or is it to put some top of the funnel pipeline in? Because both of them are going to require different tactics.Nicholas Clarkson: I I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Nicholas Clarkson: I just think we're in danger of o overthinking this, right? It just and it's always like I've got to do more stuff which I just don't have time for. So, could we not broadly if the website does a good enough job if you're mildly interested in looking something? You should be able to figure out if it's worth a trial or talking to the team.Hassaan Ahmad: The website is very very good but it's very productled. Okay. And that and and that is where the problem lies right. So imagine yourself as a GC right see an ad or you see a post and you come to fusible.com.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. The first thing that you see is all about the product. In order to get to the point where you're actually talking to the GC and their problem or the head of tax and their problem,  
00:20:45
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: they have to scroll a few times in order to get to that section. There's nothing telling them that there's that section that lives there, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And we are almost 100% reliant on their willingness and their propensity to scroll and consume that information. Right? So, the website's great. Website's very, very good. I'm not saying that it's the best website I've seen for any product, right? I think it makes the person work. Whereas the landing page approach, it hooks the person from the very start, right? So you have a very tightNicholas Clarkson: only only if it's good though.Hassaan Ahmad: funnel.Nicholas Clarkson: And I'd argue, you know, that that Africa one, it's like it requires so much rework in order to actually spell out the proposition and for to build it and us to host it. Like it it's like we're being a bit idealistic here. You're you're right,Hassaan Ahmad: We could we could do it. I could host it. I could build it.  
00:21:39
 Nicholas Clarkson: butHassaan Ahmad: Right? It's not going to be your design. But that this is where the funnel architecture works. We create the ads. We send people to the landing page. The landing page is their first hit, right? They look at it, they educate themselves about the problem, they either get curious enough to have a look at it again or send it to whoever is looking at that solution in their market or hopefully, and this is what my hope's going to be, they get so curious that they hit the call to action straight away. If the latter happens, great. If the latter doesn't happen, that's when they're going to go and they're going to go to Google and type infusible.com and that's when they come to your amazing website. That's where they educate themselves having been educated on the problem already. They educate themselves on okay this is what a good solution looks like and then they click on that right by doing this we would have the retargeting mechanism as well.  
00:22:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: We would be able to see who has gone who has looked at the landing page what kind of time they've spent there and once we have that smaller funnel of people we could retarget them with a with another ad that points them to your website. So weNicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: haveNicholas Clarkson: but this is already just becoming convoluted. That's exactly what I want to avoid because that that that thatHassaan Ahmad: but that's why you pay us.Nicholas Clarkson: Huh.Hassaan Ahmad: We could keep boosting but the results on the boosted posts are likeNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, but we didn't we didn't just promote the business.Hassaan Ahmad: bad.Nicholas Clarkson: We but we promoted my thought pieces and I'm saying I'll do a kind of quasi fusible and new breed of entity governments for cross functional teams. It looks a bit like an ad and then we just boost it and we just funnel all the money into that. I'm I'm I'm saying I don't mind the risk if that doesn't work out because it's is doable and the website if people are genuinely interested, they will do the work.  
00:23:40
 Nicholas Clarkson: If they're not, then they'll they'll go away. But but the landing page is like it's great copy,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: but it's not really about fusible and like it doesn't talk about what function you're in. You know, we might put a lot of effort into it and it's a hypothesis which could easily fail. put the work in and that's time that we're not doing on other things. So, I'm just like why not just do blunt forced promo of the business. I'll do a post relaunching the website and people click on it and I this is why we've got nice new 3D assets, you know, it's like oh wow this feels different a new breed and it's like it looks like a new breed. Okay. And it's like brilli trying to spell out eight different problems, right? KYC might not be top of mind for a general council, right? you know, or the folder is dead or just missing governance stack for finance like, you know, and then we have to choose what audience or we just go Nick's going to do a post repromoting the business and we're just going to pump it out and we're going to spend all our money on that and if it doesn't work, it's my fault and I'm fine with that.  
00:24:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: But we can do that and you say do a video or whatever,Hassaan Ahmad: that'sNicholas Clarkson: but you know, an animated video and do do it that way. Don't do it as a static ad or something like that. Like it's just eminent.Hassaan Ahmad: okay. I I follow you now. Swear.Nicholas Clarkson: It's eminently doable andHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I I follow you now. Okay,Nicholas Clarkson: it'sHassaan Ahmad: I think that's smart. We could do that. We should have multiple assets. So, yes, that would look like an ad, but let's be deliberate about what elements of the website we're going to put as the imagery because it's not going to be your words. It's going to be the imagery that attracts people, right? you're putting the product,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, front and center needs to be product imagery, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Well, I I was thinking it would be something like,Hassaan Ahmad: that.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, just something like this. Maybe even with the animation, right?  
00:25:57
 Nicholas Clarkson: Maybe not with those words. We could tweak this wording, right? But it's something along those lines with me writing a little bit likeHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: That to me is like this is next generation. It is a new breed and everyone will get it. And then we were just working with a handful of images for all audience without trying to do one specific KYC one that might hopefully land with a whatever a CFO or whatever.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: We're not living in, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: there's there's idealism and then there's where we are and I want to go with where weHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: are. You're right, but it's just, you know, time constraints and all the rest of it. Let's just do uhHassaan Ahmad: I wonder. Yeah. Okay,Nicholas Clarkson: threeHassaan Ahmad: that makes sense. On board with it. I wonder if there's a way for us to leverage this entire this exact move to help your fund raise efforts as well because as you know, we have the ability in LinkedIn to target specific people, specific companies.  
00:27:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and what we could potentially do isNicholas Clarkson: We've got a handle on that though. Honestly, we've got access to loads and loads of people.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: This is about business development. You know, I I don't worry so much on the fundraising side.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Well, I mean, I do, but there are other people that worry about that on my behalf, too. Um, it's just pure business development. We've got the, you know, we've got this disconnect. We've got a brilliant product. We did this last week.Hassaan Ahmad: What?Nicholas Clarkson: Roland and Brat pitched to Helman Worldwide Logistics, right? Really big group, right? Audience, um, without a solution, keen to look for a solution, right? And the guys just smashed it out of the park. And it was like they got an email this morning saying, "We're thrilled to be starting a a trial with you." Right? If we talk to the right people, we've been because our product is brilliant. The disconnect is we're not getting lead generation when we've got a brilliant product.  
00:28:08
 Nicholas Clarkson: So, it's like that's the the frustrating thing. I think we're like overgineering it. Right now, we've got major bandwidth issues. everything you suggest. I've got to go offline, talk to pot, be happy with the wording. I've got to write a post and it's a subset of what we do to a specific audience. And I, you know, I'm a little bit lost when a deal a deal does stuff. And I don't I don't really know quite how he does it or what he does. That would be one, you know, critique there. I want a better close on what the ad is being spent on. So, in a sense,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: just let's just strip it back. business promotion, a post that's cheap, and you chuck it out at the African market, to CFOs, to general councils, and we try two or three. But really, it's it's brand awareness. And if people are genuinely looking for a solution, they will consider us. If they're not, then they're pro probably a good thing that they're not clicking on the  
00:29:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: All right,Nicholas Clarkson: link.Hassaan Ahmad: let's let's do it. Let's give it a shot um for a month.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I everything you're saying is right. It's just, you know, we're like a bit screwed on multiple fronts and I just don't want to overengineer anything right now. I'd rather make a call and if it's the wrong call, we know that's not, you know, going to work and that's on me.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um and then that that frees us up to goHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: right let's let's write some more white papers more thought pieces whatever you know some you know um you know if somebody's going why fusible we could go okay what's your what's your role and then we you know send them to a few FAQs you know like are you are you wrestling with these kind there are other ways where we can keep people engaged where we put more content cuz I you're you you've been so helpful on that front and like getting our voicing and pointing us in the right direction where I've now found my voice.  
00:30:16
 Nicholas Clarkson: I I was holding off for so long because I didn't know what my voice is. I I now know what my voice is and you've helped me find that way. So I in a way I can kind of do that but like the the bigger stuff you know let's write a paper or whatever make a few change around the edges the ads are just pretty straightforward and it's promo of theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Look, that strategy makes sense. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: ThisHassaan Ahmad: we've got So, you're going to do the posts, right? Let's talk tactics because we're well on the top of the 30 minutes. So, you're going to Are you happy to do the posts? Let us know when they are up and we can just boost them straight away. Okay. We'll do very very wide. So, we'll we know which audience we want to go after. We know who cares about it. So it's your general councils, your treasurers, your CFOs, head of taxes, heads of tax is the four personas and we'll just go broad, right?  
00:31:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: We'll set company level attributes. So we'll target companies above a certain headcount.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't know if you can target multi-jurisdiction. I don't think that's a filter in LinkedIn, but I can double check. If we can find it even better,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: we'll do thatNicholas Clarkson: I mean you know it's the big groups right there are there are you never find precisely entity countHassaan Ahmad: stuff.Nicholas Clarkson: right but you find it indirectly through international presence and all the rest of it you know maybe we go you know there's there's one which is broad which is about cross functional governanceHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: right and then we could do another one which is the missing governance stack for finance right those are two ideas right same image Well, we're just different words.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, something like that. And it's like I could just spin up two versions. The others all come offline and we go, "Right, let's let's let's see how thisHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, sounds good.Nicholas Clarkson: works."  
00:32:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: We're going to So, a deal is not really on fusible. So, most of the stuff I do personally, so let's just rapid shoot it.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Once something is up, let me know. I'll just go I'll take a look. If there's something that needs to be changed, I'll let you know straight away. Change it. We'll boost it. Right. Stay on this for the next four weeks and uh see if this playsNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: out.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. Um, yeah. I mean, there was those other video assets, but I don't I don't know what to do with them. It's probably a distraction rightHassaan Ahmad: Let's not overthink it.Nicholas Clarkson: now.Hassaan Ahmad: So to use your words, let's not over it. Let's let's get it out first and then um if we need to do something else, we'll just do something else.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: So, I'll try and get a couple of posts out this week.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.  
00:33:11
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. All right.Hassaan Ahmad: Awesome.Nicholas Clarkson: One legal, one finance. Simple as that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I just I just want to strip it back, right? In a way, I'm trying to make it easier for everybody. I know I'm pushing back on you. You're right. But like just let'sHassaan Ahmad: Hey,Nicholas Clarkson: justHassaan Ahmad: if this doesn't work then we would know that okay this approach didn't work. We can just we have to try the landing again.Nicholas Clarkson: yeahHassaan Ahmad: So it I mean the thing is done it's readyish in terms of wording and you will then be in a better position to prioritize resources.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean there's one I'll let you go after for example we say one thing entity management is not the goal it's the starting point so we start to allude to the fact that that is what we do But actually, how about this was more useful for for other people might go, "Huh?" And you breed,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, it's like, and then they see the image and it's like, I'm curious. Let me find out. Like,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: I feel like there's a reasonable chance that might do something than niche topics.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, you've done a brilliant job with your website.Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Let's just do it. Let's Let's give it the those Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: let's give it a go.  
Transcription ended after 00:34:51

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
