---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Carrotcake x Remotir - Kickoff – 2025/10/02 14:58 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:42.323Z
meeting_date: 2025-10-02T15:06:11.317Z
---


Carrotcake x Remotir - Kickoff - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hello. Hi, Nicole.Nicole Farley: How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I am great. How are you?Nicole Farley: I'm good, thanks. How's your day going? Is it the end of the day for you? You guys are sick. We talked about this last time. Five hours, six hours ahead.Hassaan Ahmad: It's 3 p.m. for me. Still a couple of uh hours to go.Nicole Farley: Five. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, Nicole um wanted to invite Rahan to the meeting as well.Rehan Ahmad: Nice to meet you, Nicole.Nicole Farley: Nice to meet you. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Rehan Ahmad: I'm good. I'm good. How about yourself?Nicole Farley: I'm good. Where are you located?Rehan Ahmad: I'm in Canada, South Calgary.Nicole Farley: Amazing. My husband, you didn't get to meet him yesterday, but he's from Toronto. No, he's not from Toronto. He's from uh Prince Edward Island.Rehan Ahmad: Okay. Okay.Nicole Farley: We were We were just talking about going back for a visit.  
00:00:47
 Rehan Ahmad: Mhm. Yeah. I don't think it's like now. If you like the winters, that's going to be the perfect time. But if no, then probably next summers.Nicole Farley: Yeah, I know. I was like, it's getting colder out. you might want to you go if you're going to go. But what's that?Hassaan Ahmad: You guys have pretty brutal winters, don't you?Rehan Ahmad: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You guys get pretty brutal winters as well.Nicole Farley: Uh so I I'm originally from New York, but upstate and I know when I was younger, we used to get pretty brutal winters, but now they're they're pretty manageable.Hassaan Ahmad: SomeNicole Farley: They're not that bad. Um it doesn't snow a ton. Like I remember schools being closed and you know going outside and you know there actually being three, four or five feet of snow on the ground but you just don't see that now in the city anyway.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: So yeah, my mom still lives upstate. She'll get a lot more snow and she'll get a lot of the bad weather but in the city not not really.  
00:01:42
 Nicole Farley: It's it's all right. It's not bad.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I feel like the the the winters are now getting compressed where you get like one week which is just horrendous and you get all of the snow that you're going to get, all of the rain that you wereNicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: going to get in that one week and then it's pretty mild after that.Nicole Farley: Yep. Yeah. Let me see what um I know this weekend as I say it's going to be about 80 degrees Fahrenheit. So, it's going to be almost 27 degrees um this weekend in October. And I know like the news a couple weeks ago were saying like, "Oh, we're going to get like a really we're going to have a really cold October. Like it's going to start snowing mid-occtober." And like here we are beginning of October and it's going to be 80 degrees next weekend. So like really well now we think we're going to have a warm fall.Hassaan Ahmad: You never know.Nicole Farley: So I hope so.  
00:02:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: You never know what one day you're going to wake up and it's going to beus 3 degrees. It's snowing.Nicole Farley: I always say that I'm ready for the cooler weather. I'm ready to like wear sweaters and you know you know just be warm and cozy. And then I walk my dog at 6:00 in the morning and it's like, you know, 50 50° out, which is what, 10° C. And I'm like, "Oh my god, it's so cold. I'm not ready for this." SoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, wow. So, Nicole, hey, you know, really excited to start working with you and, uh, you know, it was good meeting Ross yesterday.Nicole Farley: Hey. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Good to align on what we need to do. Um, I've sent him the one pager that he asked for, so just wanted to let you know.Nicole Farley: Oh, great.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: Perfect. Appreciate that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No, I I do appreciate him offering to uh to help with this and yeah, it was it was great connecting with him.  
00:03:19
 Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So today what we want to do is take it off properly with you. As I mentioned, what I want to do is I want to understand the product really well, right? And I want to understand your motivation behind building the product. What do you think makes the product unique, right? What are the differentiators in your mind?Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And it's all with the purpose of just starting to build that messaging up, right? And thinking about how we articulating that to, you know, the audience. That's number one. Number two is I want to discuss with you the who who our target needs to be, right? Because we discussed yesterday, it sounds like you've got a couple of good meetings going with or you know in the pipeline with the agencies. You've got your background there as well. More than happy to support there, right? But do you want us to do a divide and conquer? Do you want us to go, you know, deep?  
00:04:16
 Nicole Farley: There are other audiences we can test for sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. Right. So, it's just finding that initial focus point because what we want to do is we will test all the audiences.Nicole Farley: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: But it's what what are we doing in the next one week, right?Nicole Farley: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the first question to to answer. I'm going to share my screen with you really quickly to show you what we're working on, what we typically work on.Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um I'll share the document with you as well and then that becomes our single source of truth and just keeps everybody aligned. So I'm calling it carrot cake strategy doc and this is everything that we've learned so far. So key concerns it's you know what we talked about in our initial conversation blah blah blah. It's just for us to really ground gr ourselves into your reality and understanding you know where you're coming from and what the outcomes need to be. As you can see the tabs on the side, you know, we've got a bunch of different things that we want to do during the course of our engagement with you, right?  
00:05:17
 Nicole Farley: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, we've got our audit report, which is, you know, the slide that I put over here. Mutual action plan is where I want to focus from today. And as we start having more conversations and understanding more more about your reality and formul formulating that plan, we would just start putting it all here so that we can collaborate. we you have the ability to comment and then we just go and uh we do our thing. Make sense?Nicole Farley: Mhm. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So um the way we work is is most more of a milestone based approach because essentially with any founder we only have visibility over the next kind of four weeks, right? Things move really quickly and we want to be agile. So we don't anchor ourselves into milestones that may be six months away.Nicole Farley: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: It's what are we doing immediately? why are we doing it and what is the outcome that we're targeting with it. So from our conversation so far, these are the milestones that you see on the screen.  
00:06:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: The first one is really understanding what ICP we're going to go after. Use that to launch a LinkedIn direct outreach campaign as we talked about as quickly as possible so that you start having the conversations and the signals that are most valuable to you. And then we pivot into the website. So we look at the supply side of things first, right? Get that coming in and then we make sure that the people who are coming in, they're finding the right messaging that is resonating with them and so forth. It's getting that machine going first is what what I want to do. Do you align with that approach or did you have different thoughts?Nicole Farley: No, no, this is good.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, good. So, what we're going to do today is I've put together a mutual action plan, who needs to do what um in order for this thing to move as swiftly as possible. We're doing the kickoff today. I've struck that off. What I would need from you is access to learning resources.  
00:07:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, demo is one, but anything else that you have, so any research that you did, any thoughts that you put together on a Google doc or some anything that you have, right? That is helpful.Nicole Farley: I have so much.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll see that. Sorry.Nicole Farley: I have so muchHassaan Ahmad: Great. Because that's helpful, right? We're coming into this from an outside perspective. Obviously, we've got some knowledge. You know, we've worked with the personas before and so forth. But it's understanding what makes your product unique, right? So, throw things at us. Worst case scenario, they keep they just stay in a folder. Best case scenario, we find our one nugget that we can just paste the whole thing around. So, share that with us. um that would then unblock me and putting together the ICP, the messaging and so forth. Yeah, as I'm doing that, we are going to need access to your LinkedIn.Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we can set up the automations and so forth.  
00:08:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: Doesn't need to be happen to take place today, but it needs to take place like in the next couple of days. So, we can set up the back end.Nicole Farley: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: What we're going to do is we're going to put a LinkedIn automation tool that would allow you to connect with people at scale. The goal of that is to get you in their inboxes. So, you would be sending 50, 60, 70 invites connection requests a day from your profile. Anybody who accepts, you would see why they have accepted. My initial thinking is that because the volume is going to be low, it would make sense for you to personalize the second post connection message for them. So, for example, if somebody's, I don't know, we talked about WPP the other day, somebody from WPP has connected, we just quickly do a research on WPP and tailor the pitch to why the conversation needs to take placeNicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: for WPP. what's in it for WPP to have that conversation with you as the volume increases.  
00:09:11
 Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, I've asked the team to look into ways to automate that as well. So, there's a tool called Senspark that we use that can automate a video like you. It allows you to send a personalized video and it's going to be something quite simple. you recording a video which would go like hey Rahan this is Nicole from carrot cake this is my product or this is my elevator pitch can we connect for 15 minutes so we'll do that we'll set up theNicole Farley: Okay. Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: back end in the next week or so while I'm working on messaging the target thing and so forth we hope to have everything ready and live by next week next weekend Fridayish give or take two days um and then we'll focus on the next phase. Does that make sense?Nicole Farley: Yes. Got it.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Anything that you would change on the plan or anything that you would add?Nicole Farley: No, I don't think No, you guys are the experts. So, I'll defer to you.  
00:10:16
 Nicole Farley: This looks good.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, good. One thing that I wanted to double click on from yesterday was Ross saying that you one of the things that we could help with was the survey questions. he said, I think um for the calls that you would have, what does that look like for you?Nicole Farley: Sorry. Can I say that again? Maybe I missed that.Hassaan Ahmad: I think he he said something along the lines of um as you go into more conversations, you know, helping with the survey questions to help you get the right insights.Nicole Farley: Um, who who said that?Hassaan Ahmad: We can double check with him, but I think that's what he said.Nicole Farley: Who questions?Hassaan Ahmad: Ross from yesterday.Nicole Farley: I I don't recall that.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, no worries. We can we can circle back with him.Nicole Farley: I'll have to ask him. Yeah, we'll we'll we'll circle back. Maybe I missed that. I'm not sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, good. Look, the the whole point is we're here to help, right?  
00:11:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: We want to get some signal in the next 30 days and just we'll work with you to make that happen.Nicole Farley: Yep. It it it might it might be I I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicole Farley: I can't He's on a call right now. I can't speak for him, but it we um were working with a product manager from GitHub who Ross knows that he's worked with before. We worked for him for like two months. And I think Ross was saying yesterday, we got more out of you guys in the 30 minutes that we spoke than we did from that guy in the whole two months that we worked together. We did jobs to be done interviews, which is what we hired him for. We hired him to kind of conduct these interviews and and help us make sense of this and help us try to get product market fit. And that didn't really happen. So I ended up doing a lot of those calls. My marketing manager ended up doing a lot of those calls.  
00:11:58
 Nicole Farley: And we're not we're not product managers. like we I don't really have much experience, you know, doing that stuff. So, I think maybe we didn't ask a lot of the right questions and we didn't um get the right information that would have given us the right signals at the time. So, maybe that's what Ross was referring to. It's just making sure that I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing. And I know we'll send you guys the recording so you can like review all those and let me know, you know, if I'm doing something wrong. But I think it's just making sure that I'm asking the right questions, that I'm getting the right information out of these people, um, so that, you know, we can all move forward and and try to find product market fit. I don't know if that's what he meant, but that's that was my take.Hassaan Ahmad: Sounds good. Yeah, you can uh double check with him. Let us know, but we're here to support. All right, so that was my kind of context setting, scene setting.  
00:12:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, if it's okay with you, I'd love to take a look at your product and uh your reasons and your thinking behind building it the way you did.Nicole Farley: Yep. Okay. So, um, do you want me to show you the product first or do you want me to talk about maybe some of the reasons why I've created it?Hassaan Ahmad: Let's let's go with the context first and then we can go into the problem.Nicole Farley: Okay. So, I have some of these written down in the background because there's so many. So, if you see me looking up, it's because I'm I'm reading from a document that I created before. So, I owned an agency for 14 years. I've also worked in-house um for other brands. I've worked in-house at startups. I've started marketing departments at startups. I've worked for other agencies. I've kind of done it all. Um there there's a ton of reporting tools out there that just give you the data. They're not much different than the data that you can get if you just look into these native tools.  
00:13:54
 Nicole Farley: You can look in Google and you can look in meta and yeah, there might be like an insight or two and there might be a piece of information that you didn't know. Um, and they're good for, you know, sending to clients, but they don't really tell you a whole lot. You have to have experience to be able to draw strategy from those reports, right? So, the idea of creating care, actually, let me go back with my agency. Our fee, we were boutique, there's only four of us, so our fees were not low. Um, but I would talk all the time to clients that had a a decent budget. Maybe they wanted to spend5 or $10,000, but they couldn't really justify spending a half of that on my fee, but they needed somebody with strategy. You know, they they might have um a marketing manager or marketing specialist, but they weren't experts in ads. They weren't um Google ad experts. They didn't know, you know, what a low click-through rate but high conversions mean. Like they just they just didn't know all these things that we knew, which is the reason why you hire an agency in the first place.  
00:14:57
 Nicole Farley: So hearing that over and over again and then knowing that you know AI is becoming more and more popular um people are using chat GPT for various things. I thought, you know, since agencies are drowning in dashboards and raw data, we can create a platform that essentially takes it a step further and turns that complex data into clear recommendations and strategies. So, we might give you some numbers. Um, but as a side note, we're also very, very careful not to give you too many numbers because we don't want to be looked at as a reporting tool, which I think is, you know, part of the confusion, you know, because people think we're a reporting tool and they might expect a reporting tool. So, we want to be very, very careful not to let people think that we're a reporting tool. So, we're going to um give you the supporting data that you need in order to be able to trust that our recommendation is coming from somewhere that's data driven, if that makes sense. So, you know, we're we're going to say, you know, your your click-through rate is here, but your conversion rate is here.  
00:16:06
 Nicole Farley: This is what that means, and here's what you do next, instead of just showing those raw numbers.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Can I double click on something that you said? You made a statement there which was agencies are drowning in dashboards and raw data.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Can you elaborate on that?Nicole Farley: Um, with my own agency with different clients would use different reporting tools and analytics dashboards and then we had some that just didn't use anything because they had never really marketed before. So they might use you know two different analytics tools because those tools um uh show attribution in a different way. So you know analytics tool one shows uh this set of data and analytics tool two shows this set of data. So then you know they kind of use both of those and say okay based on these two things based on these two platforms here's what we can kind of conclude. Um, I I spoke to an agency the other day. Uh, they're a white label agency. They're called Semifi.  
00:17:12
 Nicole Farley: Seem I fy. They have about a thousand clients. And I asked him what tools he was using. And he's like, "Yeah, we have like two or three attribution tools we use, like two or three reporting tools. Some of our clients come in and, you know, want us to use their reporting tools so they can kind of see. At the same time, we have our own dashboards because they do white labeling, so they're agency clients. um can kind of log into their dashboard and and look at performance. Um he's like, "We've also tested like five or six other reporting tools that promised insights and didn't really do what they said they were going to do. So now we're just building our own thing." So it's I've also talked to um this uh women's clothing store called Lulu's and they use a couple different reporting tools. Um, so it's like there's there's all these different tools that are supposed to provide more accurate attribution, more accurate data. Um, but they all kind of do the same thing.  
00:18:11
 Nicole Farley: Um, they just feed you the information, but they don't really do a great job of telling you what it means or what you should do with that information. It's kind of up to you as the marketer and that's where the experience comes in and that's where your fee comes in. That's that's why you know people hire agencies is because they want that experience so that the marketer is supposed to know what to do next. But, you know, as like this tool says something and then this tool says something else and it could just be really confusing and uh Ross said something one time he's like you know there is a perfect marketing formula you know and I was like no like not not really. I was like it's all subjective. He's like, "No, like you know, Meta and Google might change their algorithms, but you know, there is like a a perfect bid strategy and perfect messaging and there is, you know, this perfect ad setup that will get you maximum results." Like, we just have to help people find it.  
00:19:11
 Nicole Farley: And I think what Carroake does is it gives you these insights a lot faster. So, you're not spending time spending as much time saying like, "Okay, this is what this means. This is what this means. I think we can do this. We're trying to give you that information already based on the numbers so you can spend less time trying to guess what these things mean and guess what next steps to take so we can help get you closer to that perfect formula please.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Um, that is very good. I'm going to ask a bunch of questions which may sound like I'm just being hard for no reason, but please humor me.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So um the the last thing that you said you know carrot cake will help people as in marketers find the best strategy faster so less time for guess work etc etc right where we've done this beforeNicole Farley: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: and we pitched similar solutions to marketeers and so forth the answer has always been well that's what I get paid for so I don't need the tool telling me how to do it.  
00:20:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: What's your response to that?Nicole Farley: Um I haven't heard that directly. So whenever I pitch this to somebody um the messaging is like yeah definitely totally cool and then it's it's ghost. But, you know, if I if I post like on Reddit or if I ask like in passing, um, I might get little hints of that, but I it's interesting because I never hear that directly, but that's kind of what the evidence is telling me. Like, if marketers aren't using this right now, it's either the messaging that's wrong or they're not going to want to use a tool that like I'm an agency. Like, would I want to use a tool that's going to eliminate my job? I don't know. Maybe. Um, but I I would try to, if I did hear that directly, I would try to reframe it as like, but but we're going to allow you to maybe take on more clients and spend less time doing these things because even a business, this might be such a sophisticated tool just because of the way we built it that even a business is going to look at it and be like, I don't want to mess with that.  
00:21:26
 Nicole Farley: I'm still going to hire an agency, but maybe I'm going to pay him a little bit less. And maybe the agency is like, "Okay, I'll take a little bit less retainer because I can take on more clients and spend less time on these accounts because I have the strategy and I have like all the steps and the formula. So, all I have to do is just like implement it and let Carrot Cake in the background run and optimize my ad campaigns." And I can just log in every once in a while. I'll still need like a bit of a human touch with like copy and images and things like that just a not really there yet. Um, but I can spend much less time. So maybe I'm okay with taking a smaller retainer and maybe I'm okay with giving my employees more accounts um because they're not having to spend so much time. So that's probably how I would frame that. I just haven't I haven't been told that directly.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we've heard that more times than I can count on my fingers.  
00:22:13
 Nicole Farley: I expect to. Yeah. Oh, I bet. Like I'm surprised I haven't. um heard it directly. I I asked like I I expect people to say that but they just Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, people obviously don't want to well, you know, there's uh social aspects at play. People don't want to hurt feelings, etc., etc. But literally, you know, when my SDR is called, people selling the other tool that we were talking about, they're like, I need insights. That's why people pay me. Okay, great. So, that's going to be a challenge for us to work through, right?Nicole Farley: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, which is why I like the fact that you've said, you know, maybe that's a way to get more productivity per per person, you know, per media buyer, etc., etc. So, it needs, in my opinion, a productivity playNicole Farley: Mhm. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: rather than rather than anything else, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's and and let's quantify that. Right. So you talked about this agency semi that you were talking to.  
00:23:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: They had two to three attribut attribution tools. They had two to three reporting tools. Walk me through the workflow of a typical agency owner or agency marketeer would be using these tools to get to the insights that allows them to then form a strategy. What does that look like?Nicole Farley: ideally um I mean that that semi I talked to the CEO and he's like honestly like I I need to connect you with my um CMO because like I'm not the right person because I don't do like a lot of the dayto-day. So, um, I'm going to have another conversation with them, but ideally for me, first thing in the morning, we're going to check emails, we're going to check in, we're going to check Slack. Um, we're I'm probably going to look at all my accounts, um, first thing, like just highle overview to make sure that, you know, nothing's been shut down or ads aren't disapproved or, you know, budgets didn't go crazy overnight for some reason because I made a mistake. Um, you know, there's nothing there's no glaring issues.  
00:24:20
 Nicole Farley: So, after I do all that, that's just going to take a minute or two. Um, and then I'm going to go in and I'm going to look at my list of to-dos. I'm going to go back through each one of these accounts and I'm going to say, okay, you know, are there, you know, orange flags? Like, first step is to look for the red flags like disapproved ads, budgets, etc., etc. Now, I'm going to look for the orange flags. I'm going to look is is anything was anything was sorry was anything flagged as critical or needs attention like you know your click-through rate has gone down significantly over the last couple days. You might want to check into that. Um or this ad is that you just created a couple days ago is not performing well. You might want to move budget over here. So, after I look at all the red flags, like the emergencies, I'm going to go back through with a little bit more detail and look at those orange flag alerts um and things like that that that are going to cause me to have to actually do work inside the account.  
00:25:21
 Nicole Farley: I might have to spend 20 minutes inside the account. I might have to spend, you know, an hour or two. Maybe I'm creating ads. Maybe I'm adding a bunch of keywords to negative lists, you know, moving budgets around. Um creating images, etc. etc. And then I'm going to do that for every account. So if I have two accounts, that might take me an hour, it might take me longer. But if I have, you know, 10 accounts um under me, um then it's it's obviously going to take a really long time. And that's if if you're not using carrot cake, you have to look for all those things manually. You have to look at the data and then try to figure out what that data means. You have to compare it to like the days previous. Um, with Carrot Cake, we're already going to flag those things for you. You're going to log into your dashboard and front and center, it's going to be here's a highle overview of this account. Here's some red flags.  
00:26:13
 Nicole Farley: Here's some orange flags. Here's some things that need attention. And then here's here's what's performing pretty well. And here's the data to back that up. So, it's going to save um a long time, hours. I know I can um quantify that if if you want, but it really depends on how many accounts the the user has, but that information, like I said, is just going to be front and center in I hate to say dashboard because I think I don't want this to be seen as just another dashboard. Um, but it's just going to be right there front and center in your uh dashboard in the platform. those things that need attention right away.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Help me understand. So, let's say somebody does not have caric, right? We're talking about their current state. They have three accounts. Five accounts. Let's make it complicated. They've got five accounts right now that they're responsible for. They're trying to find this information today.  
00:27:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: Would they be going to with that volume, would they be going to a reporting tool or would they be going into each ad account themselves and looking into it? What would be the preferred gold standard way of doing it?Nicole Farley: It depends. Sometimes um sometimes agencies just use reporting tools when they send their weekly or monthly reports to the clients. Sometimes they use reporting tools for actual account monitoring.Hassaan Ahmad: AllNicole Farley: Um if they have like 10 accounts, they might do that. Um, but if you have three accounts, maybe use a reporting tool. Maybe you can't really justify the cost because three accounts is still manageable. You can go through all those manually.Hassaan Ahmad: right.Nicole Farley: Um, but with a reporting tool, you might see a trend. You might see, you know, hey, uh, the number of clicks has gone down since yesterday. Well, since yesterday, that's probably not something to worry about because daytoday fluctuations.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicole Farley: It's it's always going to happen. So, you're probably not going to really freak out about that too much.  
00:28:10
 Nicole Farley: Um, some marketers might, but yeah, it really depends. If you have three, you're probably not going to use a reporting tool. If you have 10, you're probably going to use a reporting tool. And all that reporting tool is probably going to do, I mean, now there's probably some more tools coming out that are doing strategy like us. But previously, all that reporting tool is really going to do is show you up and down trends. Um, you know, it it might show Yeah, up and down trends. I I think in my experience a lot of the reporting tools just kind of give you data and it and tells you you know has this increased or decreased over the last like x days or period of time and then it's up to you as the marketer strategist to figure out is that significant if the number of clicks have gone down but the number of conversions have gone up that's a good thing I probably don't care about clicks right because you know that's that's a vanity metric you know um but if conversions is the goal If sales is the goal and those have gone up and that's all the client cares about, then we're good.  
00:29:09
 Nicole Farley: But, you know, somebody that's might be looking at um they they might have created a campaign for engagement, like they want clicks, you know, but they might look at that and say, "Oh, that's that's significant. We don't want clicks to go down. We might have to increase the budget." Or if clicks are going down, does that mean that the ad is fatigued? Does that mean the audience is wrong? So, there's like all these things, you know, exactly. you run ads. So like you know um you know just because like one metric has gone down that doesn't necessarily mean oh like this is that one thing that it means. It's so subjective. When one metric goes down it could mean 10 different things or it could mean nothing or it could mean you know 10 different things but the client doesn't care about that. So a lot of that is manual work and it really depends on the size of the team the size of the agency whether or not they use reporting tools for that.  
00:29:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: Got yeah no I'm I'm just asking questions as they're coming to me.Nicole Farley: I don't know at all.Hassaan Ahmad: So, uh, I'll reflect on them later and then come up with a bunch of other questions. What happens when an agency when an account manager goes on holiday, right, or goes somewhere else? What does that do to the ad campaign?Nicole Farley: With larger ages. So, if if I'm a freel I know you asked specifically about agencies. If I'm a freelancer, I'm probably not taking a vacation or I'm going to tell my client, hey, I'm going to go away for a little while. I'm still going to check in with the accounts. Um, but don't expect me to be available on Slack or whatever.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: Agencies uh might have somebody else cover, they should have somebody else cover those accounts.Hassaan Ahmad: Good job.Nicole Farley: Um, and that probably means that um, at least, you know, one or two other people in the agency are familiar with that person's accounts and can step in if they need to.  
00:31:03
 Nicole Farley: Um, but that's usually what would happen in in an agency. I know in mine, if McKenzie was on vacation, that I'd say, "Hey, Sasha, do you mind going on vacation for 10 days? I'm here to help." Even though I don't really do ad management. I'm running the business, but keep an eye on her accounts. like I'll jump in there too. Um McKenzie would say, "Okay, here's what's going on. Keep an eye on this. Um I'm going to create some new images. I'm going to create some new copy. I'm going to put them in a drive folder. Let's test these. If you see the clicks go down or the conversions go down, um usually those other marketers in the agency are also experienced. They're on the same level. So, it's not really a problem for them to kind of step in and monitor things if the person going on vacation briefs them and is like, "Hey, you know, this account has a tendency to do X."  
00:31:54
 Nicole Farley: But it's all about like preparation. They have to be brief. They have to be prepped. Like, that person going on vacation can't just say, "Hey, oh, by the way, it's it's 5:00 in the afternoon. I'm I'm leaving tomorrow on vacation. I'm going to be gone for two weeks. Good luck." And then nothing. like there there has to be preparation because you know if if I go on vacation and I know that when clicks I just changed the audiences a couple days ago so a decrease in clicks isn't necessarily a bad thing if there's an increase in conversions but you know somebody else looking at that might say oh you know the clicks have gone down conversions are good but if they didn't know that I switched the audiences and theyHassaan Ahmad: AllNicole Farley: didn't know that the client prioritizes these things that might be an issue so there's there's a whole lot of communication that needs to happen with that and a whole lot of preparation and it's up to like the the agency managers to kind of um facilitate that.  
00:32:49
 Nicole Farley: That's a that was a good question.Hassaan Ahmad: right. Uh, thank you. So, what I'm I don't know if my questions sound a bit haphazard, but what I'm trying to get to is what what I've gotten to so far is two things where I think we could play the strengths ofNicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: carcake, right? What we could articulate to people, right? The first one is productivity, right? It's a tool to help you increase the productivity of your team, which will enable you to either take on more customers, right? Or provide better service, which will drive up retention, right?Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Both of those are important metrics. You know, customer experience plus retention equals revenue. Happy days, right?Nicole Farley: Absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the other bit which I've seen a lot in my career um you know we've seen that with our clients and so forth is the risk management piece in all agencies and in all serviceled businesses there's single pointsNicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: of failure right your media buyer your agency manager or sorry your account manager is a single point of failure right you can't just give a perfect handover to somebody every single time you're going away because you you might miss one or two things which aren't important to you or you know you might you're human right you might forget and that has a drastic impact on the performance right so that's the risk management piece which I think  
00:34:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: is quite critical for us to highlight and that might be a differentiator for for car to some of the others um because again what we're saying to the agency owners is this helps you reduce the risk in your team which then ties back into better customer experience. More productivity. It also means if somebody's going on holiday and they have a full full load and you have another team, you know, who's al another team member who's also looking at the same number of accounts, they don't have to double their job, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's that manual bit that's taken care of. So you're focusing on just intervention by exception rather than trying to find those exceptions. Correct.Nicole Farley: Yes. And there is something else in that too that I just thought of. There was an agency that I was working with at one point because they did this like um they were like $3 million a year. This boutique agency. They were doing really well. So um last year they had this like mentorship program for six months and I was in it and they they they made our agency um they anyway they were just really good.  
00:35:36
 Nicole Farley: But they they talked a lot about um helping to manage the people that are working for you. Um and one of the things that they had said, one of the things that they had harped on a lot was quite often there is a a mismatch between the marketing manager for this account and the account. So, um, sometimes the if if that marketing manager in the account didn't get along for some reason or the marketing manager just wasn't really helping that account perform very well, like they were making mistakes and just it just wasn't working, but the agency didn't want to fire that marketing manager because they might be good at retail and this was a healthcare client. So quite often in the middle of the uh client relationship, in the middle of the contract, they would have to switch that account manager to somebody else, which they were doing it because, you know, okay, we want our client to have a good experience and this is not working. So here's what's going to happen. We're just going to switch.  
00:36:40
 Nicole Farley: And even though it was supposed to be a good thing, the client was like, okay, you guys, like get your get your s*** together. Like what we're switching in the middle, like I'm glad like we we're taking action, but like it just doesn't look very good. So I think one of the other things that carrot cake does and might be covered under what you just said is the consistency in performance. You no longer and and I might not be speaking about carro cake right now but hopefully carro cake in the near future. no longer have to just be um an expert in retail or an expert in healthcare or an expert in automotive because that that automotive expert can now successfully manage a healthcare campaign like they're going to need a little bit of knowledge of course but like you know that there's going to be more consistency and and performance in these agencies where they don't have to like okay I need I need somebody that's an expert in e-commerce and I need somebody that's an expert in SAS and I need somebody that's an expert in in automotive and I need somebody that's an expert in healthcare.  
00:37:39
 Nicole Farley: But like our our tool will make it so you no longer have to be a strategist in one particular niche because we're taking care of a lot of that for you. Like in healthcare, here's what that clickthrough rate means. In automotive, that clickthrough rate is actually pretty good, but in in SAS, it's really bad. Um, so I I think that's another benefit is that is that consistency across your managers because now everybody is on the same level. They get the same level of insights.Hassaan Ahmad: I love that. Really like that. Um, what is Yeah, sorry.Rehan Ahmad: I have a question.Hassaan Ahmad: Go for it.Rehan Ahmad: Yeah. So my question would be so that is a solid product we're looking at. My question to you would be so is carrot cake like building the logic by itself because like you said that every industry can be different and one account manager might not be able to work as effectively in one industry as opposed to another. So is carrot cake going to be building that logic inhouse for industry by itself or is it going to be the account managers inputting the the parameters first and then it goes on or moves on to whoever takes it next like just trying to understand how the the the product works.  
00:38:56
 Nicole Farley: That's a really good question and it's a little bit of both, right? So um when I show you guys um the platform um if we go through it today so it it the logic is built in to the back end and I want to expand on that more with um having um more clear templates. So when you actually sign up a client you could say this client is retail this client is SAS you're going to define that already because in the the wizard part we have the manager fill out a couple questions. Um, one of which, what industry are you in? Um, what products and service does this this client um offer? Um, what price point? There's there's a few questions that the actual manager has has to input. When they put all of that in there, that information um gets fed into the back end and we can then say, okay, you said your retail. Um, here are the benchmarks for retail. And as Care Kate gets more and more users, we can actually um use our our other users use our other users information and say, "Hey, in in our pool of retail or in our pool of like automotive clients, here's here's what we're kind of seeing as as the trends." Um,  
00:40:12
 Nicole Farley: so a little bit of both that that manager does have to fill in information because also during onboarding, you know, you might you probably know during onboarding when you're onboarding a new client, you need information like what products and services do you have? What is your price point? Like that's all different. That's not something that you can get just by scraping a website. That all happens during the onboarding process.Rehan Ahmad: Yep.Nicole Farley: So there is some information that that manager is going to have to input into Carrot Cake. But then once they do that, you hit save or whatever, we're going to take that and then we're going to say, okay, based on this information, here's here's all those benchmarks, here's um what we think the performance shouldRehan Ahmad: Yep.Nicole Farley: be based on that industry, etc., etc. So, it's it's a little bit of both, but I do want to expand on that more as we keep building.Rehan Ahmad: Yeah. So, a follow-up question and I don't know if it uh if it's if it's the right question to ask.  
00:41:02
 Rehan Ahmad: So like there could be instances where the business sometimes doesn't really know what they want and like they want the agency to figure that out for for themselves. Like we've had some instances like this. So like how would you tackle that situation? Like would you be offering them recommendations or how does that work?Nicole Farley: Well, one of the things that we do require you as as the business or maybe the agency decides this is like what is your main goal for the account? Is it is it engagement um or is it conversions or there's there's one more in the account as well. So, you at least have to know that part like what is your goal for the account? And if the client doesn't know that, then they shouldn't be running ads anyway. Like if you can at least tell me what you want out of this exchange, out of this relationship, figure that out first and then and then come to me. Um so that is really um up to the agency or the manager to kind of um give that information.  
00:42:01
 Nicole Farley: But to your point, later down the road, if Carrotcake becomes this autonomous like agentic AI, we're gonna have to prompt like that the system is going to have to prompt these businesses. And when we work directly with businesses, it's going to like you're going to have to give me something like we we can we can send you questions like who are you? Joe's Pizza. Okay. What is your goal with Joe's Pizza? I see you have a physical location here. Um, you know, do you want people to just call? Do you want people to go to the website? Do you want people to order online? or do you want people to walk into the store? And they might have a couple different answers. So, we are going to have to build for that and and expect businesses to not have any idea just because that's that's businesses. They just sometimes they just don't know. But right now, the agency is going to have to fill in those gaps.  
00:42:49
 Rehan Ahmad: Sounds good.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Rehan Ahmad: Thank you.Nicole Farley: Thanks.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Uh, we're probably not going to be able to get into into the product today, but that's something that get back to.Nicole Farley: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: So, what does the onboarding flow looks like uh with Kate?Nicole Farley: with your this is going to change as well as the platform how it looks is going to change.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Can you talk to it today?Nicole Farley: I had a call with our designers two days ago um where we're going to simplify more things. Um we're going to give you less information because right now it's pretty overwhelming. You've seen it pretty overwhelming. So, we're just going to we're going to condense it a little bit and make the information that we do show um just the really important stuff and then like all the supporting data is still going to be there. We're just going to rearrange. So, anyway, how it looks now is going to be different um to how it looks maybe in a couple weeks when we implement those designs.  
00:43:39
 Nicole Farley: Anyway, onboarding is something that I need to work on as well because I do feel like onboarding um it's it it I it's first it's people's first experience to our platform and I want it to be as seamless and as smooth as possible. So, um, they they as of today, you have to book a demo, but from a couple days ago, you just go to carrocake.com, you click on register. We don't anymore, but we had start free, free trial, free plan, whatever. We had start free. Um, so you create your account. You can sign up either using an email address. If you use an email address, you put in your email address. We're going to verify that email. We're going to send you an email. You click verify. And then it brings you to a page where Okay. Then you select your password. If you sign up via Google or Facebook, it's just sign up via Google or Facebook. We're not going to ver we don't have to verify that obviously.  
00:44:39
 Nicole Farley: Then um we ask you if you want to add team members, which we have just gotten rid of, which doesn't matter because we're book a demo anyway. Um but one of the first questions we'd asked you is, do you want to add team members? And previously it sounded like a good idea. Now it's like they don't these guys people don't even know what our platform is yet.Hassaan Ahmad: AllNicole Farley: They're not going to want to add team members. So it was add team members. And then uh if you could skip that. When you skip that, then it brings you to a screen that has our dummy account.Hassaan Ahmad: right.Nicole Farley: There was the dummy account and then um you'll see a popup that says you haven't connected any accounts yet. Well, welcome to Carrocake. You haven't connected any accounts. Here's what you can do. You can either connect your Google and or Facebook accounts to see your report or you can explore the demo or you can uh add people, add team members or whatever.  
00:45:31
 Nicole Farley: Um if you explore the demo then the popup goes away and then what you'll see is carrot cake uh completely filled in but with um information on like a fake account. I think it was like Dunder Mifflin on a fake account. We would tell you the insights, we tell you recommendations, everything like that. Everything that you would see uh in your own account. If you um connected your own accounts, then it would lead you to the integrations page where you could connect your Google account or your Facebook account or both. Once you did that, the page would load for about a minute or two and then you would see your report and insights.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, good. I'm looking at all of that. Um, the question is, so in order for me to act on those recommendations, so let me show you my screen. Uh, there we go. So, I'm here. I'm looking at the insights. We're looking at Let's go to add performance. Right. So, it is saying monitor.  
00:46:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's good. In order for me to change anything, I then have to go to my ad account and change it. Correct.Nicole Farley: how it is now. Um, our one developer just told me that um, we are adding apply buttons. So, you can actually apply the recommendation that we're telling you. So, when you hit the apply button, that should be ready like tomorrow or the next day. When you hit the apply, it that action will actually happen within your account.Hassaan Ahmad: So, sorry.Nicole Farley: But yes, as you're looking at it, you have to also have Google open in another browser or Facebook open in another browser and actually do the thing that we're telling you to do. However, with the new design, um I actually I just sent like my developer like a sketch because the new designs aren't going to be ready for a week or two. I just sent her a sketch that says, "Hey, put an apply button over here so we can test um the functionality first before." So, yeah, that'll change.  
00:47:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Um, okay. Good. So, we've got like 12 minutes. This is good, Nicole. I'm going to need a product demo at a later time on schedule that maybe tomorrow for Monday.Nicole Farley: Yeah, whatever.Hassaan Ahmad: But, um, who do you want to go after first?Nicole Farley: So, um my fear I want to go after agencies. I want to go after small to midsize agencies that have between 10 and 100 clients. um lean teams they they feel that reporting analysis burden um they want to compete with larger agencies they don't necessarily have the resources I want to help them scale accounts improve client retention um without having to expand their headcount my fear with agencies and I guess maybe this is just a mental thing because I'm probably going to have this fear no matter what industry we go after is that we spend time going after these agencies and then they're like nah because I, you know, I'm I'm just I'm not getting when I'm not getting any feedback.  
00:48:26
 Nicole Farley: I'm just like, okay, well, is this valuable to anybody? So, I do want to go um after agencies secondary to that, I feel like franchises and multilocation um businesses are kind of along the same line. not really for obvious reasons, but kind of along the same lines because they're managing maybe multi multiple multiple locations. Um, you know, there they they might have an agency that's managing similar accounts. There might be like um Joe Smith who's managing, you know, 19 uh Gold's gyms or, you know, uh 25 different med spas in one franchise. So agencies is one and then maybe franchise and multilocation agencies is as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, fine.Nicole Farley: Anybody who's going to manage multiple accounts, right? Like if you go into um on that demo, if you go to the upper right hand side where that little carrot picture is and you go to dashboard or clients or whatever, if you go to dashboard, then you can you can't do it because this is the demo, but that little plus sign at the top, you can add more.  
00:49:35
 Nicole Farley: That's how you add more clients. And you pay like right now it's like $19. that's going to change. You add multiple clients. So, this this is really made for agencies and franchise managers who want to manage multiple accounts in in one simple um space.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicole Farley: Agencies, we go after agencies.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Do you have a list of these agencies? a target list.Nicole Farley: I can get them. I I subscribe. I still have like a bunch of credits to um I was using Apollo for a while.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicole Farley: Um I don't know how fresh their data is. Like I've gotten some responses. I've gotten a lot of no thank yous. Um but I can I can find I can get I can get a list if I sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: What did you send them? What did you send them?Nicole Farley: I was just sending cold emails that says like, "Hey, I have this thing. Would you be interested in trying it for free?" Mostly  
00:50:33
 Nicole Farley: I just got a lot of nonresponses and vacation replies because I'm not good at like cold outreach. That's not like my suit.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: So, no surprise. I just didn't really get much out of it.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, that would be helpful. So, what I'm after is a list of the agencies themselves, not the people per se.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll do is, you know, we'll we'll run a search on those agencies. want to try to find some local alikes and so forth and then we can put that list together. But it would be good to have that as a starting point and then we can go after. So you have marketing managers. Who do marketing managers report into?Nicole Farley: Um, let me look at the titles of So, what's fun about agencies is that they will often just have different titles for everybody um because you know they're not a big agency so they can kind of call themselves whatever they want. Uh maybe a senior strategist would be would be one.  
00:51:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicole Farley: Um account I think we already said account manager. Usually an account manager is like the one that's actually like managing the accounts. Um let me look. Um, I'll give you I'll give you guys a list because these the titles are going to be kind of all over the place.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we're going to search by seniority anyway.Nicole Farley: Ouch. Um, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, that's one thing. Um, it would be good to know.Nicole Farley: Okay. Okay. Yeah, I'll get that.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. All right. This is helpful, Nicole. Thank you so much. What I'm going to do is I'm going to reflect on that, come up with a hund different questions again and bombard them with you. It would be good to just, you know, if you use Slack, I'll just shoot them at you and you can respond in your own time.Nicole Farley: Yes, I didn't see the actual Slack invite until this morning, but I like accepted and I'm I'm into your guys' channel, so I'm there all day.  
00:52:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. Good. Let's spend some time um again looking at the product. That would be good. And then we will Yeah, we'll get to work.Nicole Farley: Great. And then uh Rahan that that those questions that you asked me about you know whether it's um like in in the system or whether the managers have to like input that information is in the wizard part of it's under like client profile or client settings and then there is the wizard which is like the questions that we expect the agency or manager to to fill out and that sort of guides our recommendations. So when they when they don't fill that out, then we kind of just the recommendations that we give are kind of basic and not very valuable, but it's imperative and it's my fault for not having that like moreRehan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicole Farley: front and center. It's kind of hidden and I'm just like expecting people to like find it and know how important it is. But that's where that that part is. So check that out.  
00:53:25
 Rehan Ahmad: Sounds good. Thank you.Nicole Farley: All right. Thanks, guys.Hassaan Ahmad: I think as a extension to Ran's question, what's often important for doers of the job is to know how the back end works.Nicole Farley: H. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We're looking at right now looks very much like a black box, doesn't it? like the like the weights and everything on your algorithms they're written in the back end. So one of the questions that we might get is exactly who determines those weights where the benchmarks are coming from what your data sources and the second question could be can they change them right have a think aboutNicole Farley: Mhm. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that question because thatNicole Farley: Right now, right now they can't. Sorry, I didn't mean to cut. Right now, they can't be changed, but I have heard that once before, which which is a hit. I say I've gotten no feedback, but like I kind of number one, people want to know um where are we getting the data from? uh how are you making your recommendations?  
00:54:30
 Nicole Farley: And that's sometimes like people would say that when they haven't even seen the back end yet. They're like, I would trust this and I would use it if I knew where you got your information from. Um and then also, can we add our own benchmarks? Can we add our own um like roadblocks or whatever? Can we can we customize this more towards our own because you know not every retail company is the same. Not every automotive company is the same. So that is definitely something in in the in the back of my mind too is like I want to make this customizable for agencies, but I don't want to make it too customizable because then like then know they can just build their own thing. So like maybe that's kind of the wrong way of thinking about it, but I I know that marketing is not just 1 plus 1 equals two. So I have to kind of give people something. And maybe that's the reason why it's just not taking off is because like people are like, "Oh, I don't want this, but I want like this and I want to be able to change these things."  
00:55:23
 Nicole Farley: And they just can't do that right now. So, I'm more than willing to like make that happen or prioritize it. I just need to know if like if if that's um important.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think the question if we kind of move beyond that question really understand why that question is being asked it's the trust thing right you're asking people to relinquish trust and relinquish control of their own ability toNicole Farley: 100%.Hassaan Ahmad: carake Right? And the question in their minds is can I you know so we have to defend that question one way or the other.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So typically the way it would work is you know you would probably you know you could think about writing maybe a white paper or something or a methodology document something like that that looks technical that shows that you know there's some expertise behind it which there is but you know it's not front and center. So that's one.Nicole Farley: It's a good idea.Hassaan Ahmad: Number two is thinking about how else people might be able to still have that sense of control um while staying within the guard rails that you're giving them.  
00:56:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? So that sense of control comes through in the form of hey specify what good and bad looks like you know so car is still going to go around and give you recommendations based on benchmarks but the red greenNicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: orange flags they depend on what you specify as a threshold. for example.Nicole Farley: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: So that again helps people feel that they're a bit more in control and you know CTR dropping by 0.7% is not bad or something CTR dropping by 0.7 is pretty bad but you know if it does what that threshold is and where the alert should come. Um that's the other bit and then we should also for the larger ones be prepared to have the conversation around hey you know what give us your your weights and your stuff and we can do that in the back end. So, we're going to create a publicist specific carrot cake, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You can call it publicist cake or whatever you want to call it, right? But that's going to be your thing.  
00:57:36
 Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That that would also help. Um, just ideas at this point, but he literally looked at it and his comment was, "Yeah, INicole Farley: No, I love that. That's that's really helpful. And I'm also glad you guys have an an ad buyer on your team too that you guys can look at this as as maybe a user and and you know say like would you use it? Why not?Hassaan Ahmad: know all of this already." Right.Nicole Farley: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, good.Nicole Farley: Good. Okay. Yeah. Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: So, that's good. Um, also you know I was gonna make another point which just came to my mind. The way people run these trials or or benchmark your product against anything else is looking at an app that they know has performed really well and then looking at what the you know what the tool is telling themNicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: to. If their ad is going okay and YouTube tool is also saying yeah it's going going okay don't change anything then they're like well it's not giving me anything new so what justifies the spend sometimes the way to answer  
00:58:38
 Rehan Ahmad: All right.Nicole Farley: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: that question is maybe throw some outlier insights at them is 1.7% of our customers have seen an improvement in you know xmetric by doing this change that tells them hey you know there's something more that I'mNicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: getting from the product as opposed to what I have been able to get myself I don't know how helpful that's going to be so let's keep that in the list of potential questions to ask when you meet anyNicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: teamNicole Farley: Well, that that's really good because what I know we're on time here. Let me know if you guys got to go. I just want one quick thing. But um when I talked to Semifi agency the other day, the white label agency, they said I asked what other tools they they had tried and one of the other tools they tried was optimizer. Um, and they said the reason why we got rid of it is because like there was no difference between what optimizer said and what the native platform said.  
00:59:45
 Nicole Farley: Like it was the same exact thing. So like why even pay for this? And my fear is like and this it's a product issue. It is making sure that the insights and the things like that that we're giving are things that you know you don't just look at and be like I already know this is useless. I I want to make sure that we're the tool itself is sophisticated enough and creative enough to give insights that you might not know or you might not think of. And I know that's kind of a product thing, but that's also one of the other things that I think about too is like what else can we do? What else can we add? What else can we tell you that you're just not going to get on on Google or on Facebook? And there are some things like Google's not going to tell you to move 20% of your budget to Facebook. you know, they don't they don't tell you a whole lot to like turn off ads or turn down budgets or things like this, you know, but any marketer is going to know that and it's making sure that I  
01:00:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: am providing something different than what you can already get because yeah, we're going to save you time, but like otherwise it's just not really worth it. So yeah, and that's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And and that's exactly why our initial hypothesis is that agencies users, marketing managers are probably not the right profile for this. Yeah. It either has to be the owners of the agencies, right? Where we talk about customer retention, churn, etc., etc., right? You know, handoffs, risk management, all of the good things that we discussed.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Why has to be business owners, you know, who don't have the time to figure out and be masters in Meta Ad Manager and Google Ad Manager, right? And who shouldn't be paying half of their I say it, but who shouldn't be paying half of their budget to agencies for providing these insights, right?Rehan Ahmad: OneNicole Farley: Mhm. Yeah. Well, franch franchisers is is sort of like the the the middle ground a little bit because franchisers, you know, they might have when I was managing the Mathnasium franchise accounts, there was 130 different individual Mathnasium locations that I was managing.  
01:01:45
 Nicole Farley: I wasn't the franchiser, but like, you know, partnering with a franchiser like a med spa or a gym or or whatever where the franchiser has control or is like passing this down. like hey Tom you manage you know you own five locations like use this and you can you know this is this is your this marketing co-pilot like that is sort of um you know a mix between the business itself because it is a business and that agency um model because he's not an agency but it it it allows him to add multiple locations even if Tom or whatever only has one location but you know franchises is sort of like that middle And my fear with agencies is just like this is they're they're going to know these things. Any agency worth their weight in their monthly fee is going to already know these things. So I either have to change the product to make it more sophisticated or we have to change the user and and not dumb it down a little bit, but like we have to create this product for for the dumbest user.  
01:02:46
 Nicole Farley: So even even if you have no experience in marketing, you're going to be able to um take action on these things, which is kind of the direction that we're going. So it it might very well be businesses and you know I just don't want to get so like I guess my question for you and I sorry again I know we're on time so like at what point do we say okay agencies isn't working here's where we should pivot.Hassaan Ahmad: We could potentially do both together um on LinkedIn because all we have to do is run two campaigns instead of one, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah. Yeah. I would like to AB test just just you know I didn't mean I didn't mean to cut you off but I probably would want to Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah, let me let me have a think about it. I think AB test this is the way to go because instead of you investing a lot of time and effort into changing the whole product, making more sophisticated for agencies and then it doesn't work misses the mark. I don't think it's the best use of your time and resources. What I would want you to focus on over the next kind of 30 days is just go all in on that marketing effort, right? So be on the front foot, you know, do some videos, be active on LinkedIn, etc. and just be loud, right? We'll tell you what we need you to do, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So that it compounds the efforts that we're doing, right? It gets us the signal that we need and then we decide what we need to do with the product in order to do anything.Nicole Farley: Yeah. Love it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Good.Nicole Farley: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Love speaking with you again. So let me set suggest some times for the demo and um yeah, let's take it from there. Okay.  
Transcription ended after 01:04:57

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
