---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Fuseable/Remotir - Weekly Sync – 2025/11/14 14:26 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:36:51.857Z
meeting_date: 2025-11-14T15:00:57.653Z
---


Fuseable/Remotir - Weekly Sync - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Somebody should have told me.Adnan Khan: You should know by now. It's It's like It's likeNicholas Clarkson: I just I actually just put mine on to cuz I saw the other two had theirs on. So had too much.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, next time it's going to be blacks all around. She get Roland one as well.Roland Hangyas: We we have heating so it's it's okay.Adeel Khan: Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh make you must be paying Roland quite a lot if you can afford the eating. Yeah.Roland Hangyas: Yeah, that's true. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: How you both doing?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh Barat, he's in and out of stuff. So he's he asked to to pass. So good.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Good. Good stuff. So, um one thing that I want to get accomplished in the next 30 minutes is us to agree on the ad slogans. So, there were a lot of really good ideas. I've managed to get a short list done, but I would need some help in getting to the winners.  
00:01:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: And Nick, what we were discussing internally is we love the your mama jokes, right? So, yeah, I mean, we wouldn't be opposed to putting one of them and testing testing it out, but we want to go in as we discussed, you know, five creatives want to get first.Nicholas Clarkson: No. Yeah, but that's internal. Yeah. I don't Yeah, I I'm not sure the chairman I I feel like that could come back and haunt us. I Yeah, I for context, we were just riffing and and and then it became a joke. So, um but yeah, we pushed we pushed just just before that and that's a nice sweet spot, I think.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Roland Hangyas: We did try with memes, Nick. Don't forget, a few months ago, but that was just us balling around, I guess.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I mean there's there's versions of that we could we could try, right? Um, for another client, we're talking about using something along the lines of you versus the software she told you not to worry about, right? Which is a spin on you versus the guy she told you not to worry about.  
00:02:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, we can use that, right? So, you versus the entity management software she told you not to worry about. And that could be one where we could have really boring looking one. Maybe a screenshot of diligent versus or you know one of the others versus fusible.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: But let's get the ad slogans final.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's use the time to do that and then we should be in a position to start the ads middle next week, right guys?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. And before before that cuz you know this cost effective route of boosting a social post like is there merit in me me just the company doing a po that post and then boosting it. So cuz you know it's bang for the buck. Is that is that going to be the approach? you say, "Nick, this is what you need to post." And it, you know, we we get a, you know, a fraction of the cost for the same output. I that's attractive.  
00:03:01
 Nicholas Clarkson: I I I just I don't know question before we decide. Um, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: When we post, are we talking about these or are we talking about Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. So, you you agree the slogan and the image and you say, "Nick, post it or boost it." And it's a dollar, not $18. Cuz, you know, we all want the same thing, right? We want more leads for for restricted uh ad spend. So, if that's if that's what you say to do, I'll do it.Hassaan Ahmad: You put the post in as or you put the image as a post and then we just boost that. Is that what we're saying?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. I'll open that to a deal and a none actually.Adnan Khan: I was I wasAdeel Khan: I've always wanted to try it, but I've never have because what happens is that the campaign objective is either brand awareness or engagement, not for conversions. So, from my from what I've heard from other people that it it doesn't necessarily 100% work, but I haven't personally tried it, so I can't say something for certain.  
00:04:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: We're done.Adnan Khan: Um, Nick, you know how we say test a lot? The reason we say test is we're like we're going to run ads anyway. And as we're testing, the ad is also running. And so most time we're not when you try something it could stick. I think if you as a founder are willing to take that journey to my ears that sounds logical like we have a filtered list. So even if the campaign is tracking engagement I think even if the list is filtered enough we're still getting in front of that audience and the cost might be lower. In terms of like conversion tracking, we have a separate landing page so when the lead comes in, we'll know if the goal is to get it in front of these people. I would try it because like and hear me out like if you go to meta like I've run these engagement campaigns on meta before and you would get the absolute garbage of audience, but because they like s***, you just get your metric of the like thing up on the post.  
00:05:30
 Adnan Khan: In this case, we're assuming that the traffic is higher quality anyway, unless the LinkedIn goes and does like that thing of, well, yeah, okay, this 50,000 audience is a guardrail. It's it's a guideline. I will go find 150 more like this. I don't think LinkedIn does that. Which then brings me back to I so I think it's logical. I think it's worth a shot.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Does it hit though? So that that company list that Roland shared, if I if I do it and you promote it, is it does it hit that audience?Adeel Khan: Yeah. So that's the audience it's going to hit. Uh I saw everything else. So it's not going to expand on it. It's 50K people.Nicholas Clarkson: So why would I So why would we not do that?Adeel Khan: Probably be 50K.Nicholas Clarkson: that I mean that's sort you know cuz I I put rather than fusible.com I'll put the landing page in uh in the uh what I say cuz I I've see this all the time you know people commenting on somebody's boosted post and it's like your um what do you call it lead magnet you know people know that it's a lead magnet post and it gets engagement it's like I I built a whatever I vibe coded in  
00:06:39
 Adeel Khan: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: 10 days I built a a a software company, you know, that's that old s***. Click type SAS to to get get the secret. Something like that. Like if it's hitting the same audience, but we're doing it more, you know, whatever you're planning to do on on ads and it's a dollar, not $18 for 2K, we're we can just keep keep recirculating it.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. I'm I'm open. I'm definitely open to trying. We'll see how Len responds. It's It's a good risk to take. I thinkAdnan Khan: I think so too. Like I'm I'm just looking at Nick's posts. Um and like people are surely clicking and I'm assuming this is them clicking the link. It's not just like them like literally clicking the post to expand it. This is like people going to the landing page, right?Adeel Khan: No, it's it's a mix of both. There's going to be another one of course does for landing page. Yeah.  
00:07:44
 Adnan Khan: No, I specifically opened the mix of Okay, I get it.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So the enga the thought leadership clicks the engagement and brand awareness clicks are mixed up but I don't know why they have it like that. This is like five years behind that at this moment. So, we could do both.Adnan Khan: So then the next question I would ask is do we run it from Nick's profile like from Nick's account or do we post it from Fusable's account and boost that? I wouldn't Yeah, I wouldn't mind trying both.Adeel Khan: So, why don't we do Nick's account, Fusable's account first seven days and just see what happens.Adnan Khan: Give me like seven days each.Adeel Khan: So, like I'll consolidate them to one thing.Hassaan Ahmad: What?Adeel Khan: We'll we'll know what's working, what's not. my so I've seen if you do boost company pages uh post they would get your normal CPC you normally get on like conversion based campaigns. So they're smart like that. So but we'll find out basically So  
00:09:04
 Adnan Khan: Then my third question is, do we strictly run them like ads? And what I mean by that is like literally the ad slogans we're talking about for the company post probably. But for Nick, do we run ads for him or is that more like more Reddit style content like our leadership, that kind of thing,Adeel Khan: it'll be the other way. So with the conversion and website based ads, you have the CTA button, right? You won't have that with your normal post. It'll be very normal organic postlike.Adnan Khan: but it'll still have the image, right?Adeel Khan: Yeah, I also love the image, but you know the banner at the bottom which says learn more headline.Adnan Khan: Yes.Adeel Khan: They won't have to Yeah.Adnan Khan: I mean, I feel like this audience is educated enough that they'll look at the post and find a link if they'reAdeel Khan: So yeah, so we I had I recently ran a post for this security company. They do private security. The I got them like four leads and but and no picture.  
00:10:04
 Adeel Khan: The top hook was your Russian hacker is not the most dangerous person out there or something and it just related to them. It was all Americans and they got like four leads I think one customer out of it. So it it works. It works. You just need to find the right hook basically and we have like 50 of them at the moment.Adnan Khan: Okay. So, so TLDDR, we could try it. Uh, I think the slogans that we then end up with, we could even use that as like the the hook to the post almost.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adnan Khan: I think then the downside is we might have to write those posts or is there I was going to say I know you do okay but then but then okay sorry I'm asking I want to be very preciseAdeel Khan: I have a format for that.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Adnan Khan: we have the hook that's the title of the post you have the format of like the description of the post at the end of the post there's a link now is there an image in the  
00:11:01
 Adeel Khan: We yeah we we let's put images uh so I'll I'll tell you the exact number of posts but we'll do images of 50% of them and 30% no images 2% does like the one from the company basically not 2% but 20%.Adnan Khan: And and since these are posts, we probably go off brand a little bit, I imagine.Adeel Khan: Yeah, we can like we can we can go on brand. You can do both. Basically, the image is just to get them to stop because it'll be very uh feed like we could even have the meme like Hassan said.Adnan Khan: Yes. And then last thing and then I'll and then I'll shut up. If we want to track engagement versus link clicks, J4, we can do that with G4.Adeel Khan: We will be able to see.Hassaan Ahmad: And as you mentioned, so as far as the website is concerned, we can use the landing page or the duplicate land homepage.Adeel Khan: Sorry.Adnan Khan: I imagine that's we can just track the G4 because the Oh, okay.Adeel Khan: Will it also we'll also be able to see your LinkedIn anywhere.  
00:12:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we distribute through that way.Adeel Khan: So you'll be fine.Adnan Khan: Sorry, I'm done.Nicholas Clarkson: So how so is that something once we decide the whatever the you We're going to get the finalist now, right? You're going to say, "Nick, here's what you need to do." And I'll do it.Hassaan Ahmad: Correct.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay, cool. All right.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Should we work on the short list then?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Or if that's the way we're going to do it, I think we don't have to limit ourselves to five anyway, right? We can have maybe 10 then we could do for the next few weeks.Adeel Khan: Let's first first seven days. Let's have five. That's so we know if it's working or not.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Do we need as many as five?Adeel Khan: Yeah, I think so. Like so every post won't be ahead.Nicholas Clarkson: So same same. Okay. All right. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we're basically doing one post a day.  
00:13:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: Is that is that the plan of dealAdeel Khan: Yeah. Like we can do two as well, but yeah, one person should be fine.Adnan Khan: We're not trying to hack the algo. We're just trying to run ads asan. So the the the faster we can post, the faster we can. But obviously fast within the realm of oh this guy crazyNicholas Clarkson: Does that need copy with all of them? If if I'm okay.Adeel Khan: We'll we'll do two long form and two short form and maybe just one with like a headline and an image.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Adeel Khan: Agree diversify and see what works.Nicholas Clarkson: All right. So, should we pick our top five then?Hassaan Ahmad: Did you have a look at the short list?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Do you agree with the short list? Are there any that you would add or remove from it?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh, I had a look, but uh, we need to someone to pull it up. It's like Oh, there.  
00:14:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, maybe or Adil, can you pull it up? Or maybe Nick as well. I I need to close my Slack and start it again or Chrome, whatever.Nicholas Clarkson: short list. I love that. What you think?Hassaan Ahmad: just put the ones that you like in uh in winners or just check them whichever one you want to do.Nicholas Clarkson: Well, that crosses it out. Uh, well, I could I could cross out the ones we don't want.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean, that's fine. If it's crossed, we know that that's the one that we want.Adeel Khan: I think you can add an emoji on the right.Nicholas Clarkson: Right. Maybe that there's only one said 10. I I don't And that one is this one for me is like it's too it's not specific enough.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um yeah, but filing filing what?Hassaan Ahmad: What if it was filing a document you think is correct?Nicholas Clarkson: It's just so vague. It doesn't really mean anything.Hassaan Ahmad: It's all right. Try to not let that hurt my feelings.  
00:16:09
 Nicholas Clarkson: No, I mean, you know, we're just chucking s*** at the wall, right? Um, I like that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, just joking. Go for it.Nicholas Clarkson: Or that's maybe Is that too offensive?Adeel Khan: It works.Hassaan Ahmad: I think for a post this could work.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Hey, my spelling mistake creative works only works because there are a lot of grammar police in the comments and they're arguing amongst themselves. No, it's a good tactic. No, he's a dumbass and I get leads. So, I think a case study one would be a good long john form post by the way.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah, that's that's I love that.Adeel Khan: Sorry.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, the typo gets the the most like this. So, we need sort of a more vanilla one that that I think this one's quite a good one. I mean, you know, that's we want a different type, right? That's one of yours, Hassan. Right.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's one of the deals actually.Nicholas Clarkson: Come on, guys.  
00:17:23
 Nicholas Clarkson: Give me some opin.Hassaan Ahmad: It's me putting the short list together is me giving an opinion. Now it's on you guys.Adeel Khan: I like the Blackberry one cuz I recently I recently watched the Blackberry movie.Nicholas Clarkson: Oh, yeah. Where is that? Yeah. Yeah.Adeel Khan: Uh, I was focused on this on thisNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. All right. Look, let's let's start getting brutal. This idea is good. Well, I think cuz it's a different star, right? your governance stack, Excel, Power, Outlook, and PowerPoint and Hope. Come on, guys. Just just some stuff that jumps out.Adeel Khan: Legal entity management.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Why is that on the short list? I like that. governance involve your suffering at the moment. I can't claim these are all mine. Uh the this church EP came up with some gold after some whiplashing AllAdnan Khan: I don't know, man. I keep liking the Back to the Future one.  
00:19:27
 Nicholas Clarkson: right.Adnan Khan: Say anything, but it's uh it's enough to make me stop. Especially if you're targeting a more older generation.Hassaan Ahmad: Just reveal your age there.Adnan Khan: Hey man, I'm 34. I'm pretty happy about that.Nicholas Clarkson: You're definitely not that the oldest on the call then. Uh, I tell you what.Adnan Khan: So let me let me let me just take a step back and sorry not to redo all this deal. Is the goal for people to just stop scrolling?Adeel Khan: Yeah, I mean that's always a goal.Adnan Khan: That's the only goal, right?Adeel Khan: Yeah, I like remembrance as well.Adnan Khan: So like yeah. So I think in that point then when I look at something like legal entity management but hot I think that would stop and I look at fusible make like the first one fusible makes that won't make me stopNicholas Clarkson: Huh?Adnan Khan: necessarily. So if like the Blackberry thing would So we can we can do I I imagine we can test like three that are like purely scroll stoppers like the Blackberry one and then we can use two where we're like  
00:20:49
 Adeel Khan: I'm ready forAdnan Khan: oh yeah we're dead sure this is like the best language verbiage for this audience and then we can see how they perform.Hassaan Ahmad: So a way to I agree with that and and to reimagine that is if you think about the posts that make you stop are almost often the ones that speak to the exact same pain that you're facing atNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I do.Hassaan Ahmad: that moment or every Okay. Or two that provides a rather controversial opinion that you just want to know more about. So a lot of these pretty much all of these can be repurposed into that. So for example the BlackBerry one. So entity management software hasn't evolved since the Blackberry. If that's the hook that's the first line that anybody would see, they're very likely to stop on that.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Entity management software made legal efficient fusible makes the enterprise intelligent. I think I'd probably exactly the numbers are really good.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I agree. I agree.  
00:21:53
 Nicholas Clarkson: I You're absolutely right there. It's like we're just trying to sell ourselves, but people going, "Hey, whatever." Like, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So the ones where we have a GC inherited 80 entities and no documentation that alone as a hook like that's good because people want to know more about that story. The moment you hear this, you're like, "Okay, what happened?"Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Same goes for the next one, which is GC found out about misfiling from a 240k fine. And then you can go into a post about that.Adeel Khan: for for that specific post. You could just have an image of a text message or something like that or Slack message that also shows your customer what it calls customer success journey. Um and like it yeah and that could literally look very real as well.Adnan Khan: Let's brand it out.Nicholas Clarkson: The problem with that one is this. We can't categorically say that to be true. I know that doesn't necessarily mean you wouldn't post it, but right just looking at the well I'm dragging stuff down.  
00:22:59
 Nicholas Clarkson: General council don't risk non-compliance centralized go I mean that's just you wouldn't click on that would you?Hassaan Ahmad: No. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Entity management is where governance went to die. Fusible brings it back to life. I mean like this is again maybe without that but probably not that either.Hassaan Ahmad: As a hook, it works really well. The first partAdeel Khan: We we could have a hyperinflated claim as our hook and then the next sentence could be, "Yeah, we're lying, but we could still do that like what they do with the the AI apps. SoNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adeel Khan: I just fired my whole Tails team because this AI tool does everything now.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And then I Right, guys.Adeel Khan: But we could do Yeah, you could do like, oh, we saved somebody two billion dollars. No, we didn't. But we couldHassaan Ahmad: I'm looking at the clock. We've got three minutes to go. So, I think we're aligned on the plan that we're going to give you five like you're happy to or we're happy for you to pick the five that you want and we can suggest some as well, but we're going to go five next week or between next week and the week after depending on when we start.  
00:24:11
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll do the posts as a deal mentioned. So, um same structure.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You'll post from your account. We'll boost them with all the traffic being directed to the landing page that we asked Per to put together. And at the end of the week, we'll make a call on whether or not that has worked and if strategy needs to change.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So, Ryan, do you need to jump onto the other call? Yeah. I'll let you get let you go, dude. I'll wrap up with these guys. So, cheers, man. So, I think what might be easier is it's like first five and then second five. So, I'll go let let me pick because I think we've got 10 in there. I I'll go first five, pick them in any rotation, do what you what you think is best with them and then from you guys have given me a steer there because it's true. Would you click on it?  
00:25:10
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yes or no whether it's a good slogan or not if it's promoting fusible in the end that and people might not click on it versus a bold statement where they click it and then they go and then they go aha and that's the goal, right? So that's given me a really good steer on which ones to pick.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I think we've got enough there. So I'll just I'll pick 10, right? We're freestyling.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Nick, I will owe you some paperwork, so I'll send that your way.Adnan Khan: What?Hassaan Ahmad: But notwithstanding that, we're still going to go ahead with the plan. Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool.Adnan Khan: What are we doing with the traffic that comes to the landing page and leads? Are we retargeting them?Adeel Khan: We we we'll be okay.Adnan Khan: Are we tracking them somewhere?Adeel Khan: Wait. So, we'll be able to retarget them. Anybody who engages, anybody who visits anywhere. So, even if even if the first five are aren't like what do you call it?  
00:26:05
 Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: aren't those fusible branded hooks. Like for example, what we do, we can just have a separate campaign that does has fusible painoint benefits for that.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: That will target everybody. Like I already have a website visitor list from our previous campaigns and that just adds to it.Adnan Khan: Nice. Yeah, because that's what I want. They come in as the first point of entry through Nick's post and then they start seeing fusible after and then we hit them enough times where they're like, "Oh s***, okay, I got to sign up."Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. That That's how it usually goes. That's what I would do anyway.Adnan Khan: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Brilliant.Adnan Khan: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Cool. I think we uh Yeah, we we got there. So, we've unlocked it. So, I I'll do a bit a little bit more work. Get 10 and then when when you guys have got the draft and let's push the button. This is it. This is the one that's going to  
Transcription ended after 00:27:20

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
