---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Shalen Sehgal – 2026/03/16 13:25 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-16T14:14:29.345Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-16T14:03:22.953Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Shalen Sehgal - Transcript
00:00:00
 Shalen Sehgal: Shan.Hassaan Ahmad: Charlotte Charlotte.Shalen Sehgal: Hi. Good afternoon, Hassan. How are you doing?Hassaan Ahmad: Good afternoon.Shalen Sehgal: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, how areShalen Sehgal: Very well.Hassaan Ahmad: you?Shalen Sehgal: Um, yeah, I came across your I was just reminding myself of what you guys do at remote. Um and you know essentially where we are just to give you an introduction crisis control my business is all about crisis management and mass notification and incident management. Um, we have a revenue model at the moment, of course. Um, but I was interested to see what you guys can offer, whether it's more consultancy or, um, I don't know. So, um, yeah, tell me about yourselves and ask me whatever questions that you may have to, um,Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Shalen Sehgal: to see whether there's a fit.Hassaan Ahmad: Sounds good. And hey, thank you for taking the time. Really appreciate it. Now, I would love to sit and pitch at you for the next 30 minutes, but I don't think that's going to be the best use of both of our times.  
00:01:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, let's get I would love to understand what you meant by what you said you when you said you have a revenue model. So, help me understand what does that look like today?Shalen Sehgal: So we have a direct uh outreach program. So we've got sales, marketing, customer success, etc. those teams um and marketing essentially uh in a what I would describe as using a machine gun. They send out loads of messages. It's not so targeted with the sniper, but using machine gun, they send out loads of messages.Hassaan Ahmad: HoldShalen Sehgal: Some related to Middle East and the existing uh situation there,Hassaan Ahmad: on.Shalen Sehgal: some related to other uh parts of the world where we target. We have a global value proposition. We have customers uh everywhere. However, the biggest pockets of those customers are in Europe, Middle East and then North America. So, USA, Canada.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Shalen Sehgal: Um, so we do have an engine which uh essentially that direct engine tries to drive traffic orHassaan Ahmad: Okay.  
00:02:20
 Shalen Sehgal: people to the website. The website tries to be be as explanatory as possible and the aim of the website is get someone to fill out the form and click request a demo. As soon as they do that, it goes into the uh direct sales team's activity. Um and their activity largely if I summarize it is one about qualification, two about if suitable and qualified uh giving a very bespoke demonstration of the tool on how it solves the particular problem that the uh inquirer has uh reached out to us for. Um and then it's about sort of pricing and negotiation and these kind of things. It's fairly simple. So that's the direct outreach activity. There is an indirect channel which is much smaller.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: Um and I would say we're right at the beginning of that journey. Um the we have one or two partners um and we're set trying to set up some other suitable partners um so that they can ultimately um introduce crisis control to end users and then we will we will um manage the invoicing through them if they want to do that these kind of things.  
00:03:40
 Shalen Sehgal: Um the so we have an in indirect um with some partners that is very very early on kind of thing. Um the the final thing is I made some notes so excuse me just give me a few moments. UhHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: Yeah, there I would say they're the main two. There was three and four, but they're also very small. So, we have clarity on who we think our ICP is and various things. So, that theory has been done. Um and the ICB is just one element of that theory. Um but yeah um so we have clarity on our ICPS.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: It's just about sort of umHassaan Ahmad: Execution.Shalen Sehgal: correctHassaan Ahmad: Okay. I want to double click on that. So, you've activated a couple of channels, sounds like, and from my research, it looks like you've got like three, maybe four people in the salesShalen Sehgal: Yeah. So there's four in the sales team.Hassaan Ahmad: team.Shalen Sehgal: Um we've got marketing team and we we're quite a small player but we like to fight in the heavyweights in terms of um our competition is NASDAQ listed organizations etc. Uh, and a lot of the time we uh swap that end user over to us because we are um not only more reasonable price-wise, but we're more responsive as as an  
00:05:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. So,Shalen Sehgal: organization.Hassaan Ahmad: Shan, what's broken in the way you're currently going to market? Something prompted you to take the call.Shalen Sehgal: I want the number of leads SQLs that we're generating to be higher every month.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. What does lookShalen Sehgal: Um, so all right,Hassaan Ahmad: like?Shalen Sehgal: let me uh let me just see if a colleague of mine is available so I can get her toHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: join because she will have a lot of these metrics available.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: Just give me a second.Hassaan Ahmad: How are you for time by the way?Shalen Sehgal: All right. So, I've got until um sort of twoish. That's fine. So, I'm just seeing if she's around.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: Alternatively, yeah, she doesn't look like she's around. Um, alternatively, if you can write me an email with a list of questions and then we can get back more formally. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Shalen Sehgal: just so you can understand the lay of the land at the  
00:06:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely.Shalen Sehgal: moment.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that would be the first thing that I'd like to do. um because it's good to be grounded and have clear metrics towards what we're working on but we can work with some approximate numbers right now. So you want the SQLs to be higher. Um typically in my experience when the flow has worked as you get so marketing sendingShalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: out your machine gun approach we call it spray and prey you get a few leads in your STR gives them a call qualifies them and then the lead goes from MQL to SQL. Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you have or do you feel that you currently have a challenge with a lot of garbage coming in? So your MQL's your conversion from MQL to SQL is prettyShalen Sehgal: I don't think that's that bad.Hassaan Ahmad: low.Shalen Sehgal: We don't tend to treat um certain things as uh seriously as as perhaps um on some occasions we should. So things like inquiries that are from Gmail accounts and outlook.com and we sort of don't bother um because um there's enough activity happening at the moment anyway.  
00:07:44
 Shalen Sehgal: Um, so, so we send a casual email out and we ask them to book a thing.Hassaan Ahmad: H.Shalen Sehgal: If they do book a thing, we'll, uh, a meeting, then we'll have a conversation. Um, but, um, yeah, I I don't think there's a problem with SQL to MQL ratio kindHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: of.Hassaan Ahmad: It's sheer number.Shalen Sehgal: Yeah, I would say it's it's more about the volumes.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Makes sense.Shalen Sehgal: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: And what are you spending on it today? It sounds like you're just doing email,Shalen Sehgal: I mean we we we stopped doing PPC.Hassaan Ahmad: correct?Shalen Sehgal: Um we do a bit of email. Um we don't really spend that much on marketing to be honest.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Okay.Shalen Sehgal: Um what we try to do is obtain new customers through referral programs and these kind of things. Um but um yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: so we don't spend I I would imagine about uh let's say 2 or 3,000 GBP per  
00:08:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: month.Hassaan Ahmad: And is that a feature or is that just a consequence of your experience withShalen Sehgal: I don't understand.Hassaan Ahmad: prior?Shalen Sehgal: Is that what do you mean? Is it aHassaan Ahmad: Is that something that that's by design?Shalen Sehgal: feature?Hassaan Ahmad: Like did you decide that email and direct was going to be the way you go to market orShalen Sehgal: No, it is it is purely a a try and let's seeHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: type approach and based on what has worked we continue that and based on what doesn't workHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: we stop that but it's very it's it's I would say it's quite reactive um so by design it's you know there was nothing that at the beginning we said actually let's focus on email campaigns because we all know email campaigns are Um if you look at output to effort ratio is veryHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: lowHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And do you have somebody else doing that? So, is that in-house that you do it or Okay, perfect.  
00:09:37
 Shalen Sehgal: in um I'd sayHassaan Ahmad: What's your average contract value, your ticket size?Shalen Sehgal: about 30,000 GBP perHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: year.Hassaan Ahmad: And um what revenue are you targeting this year or what additional revenue are you going toShalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: target if you were to work together?Shalen Sehgal: Well,Hassaan Ahmad: What wouldShalen Sehgal: I think I think if we if we were to work together,Hassaan Ahmad: youShalen Sehgal: I would say that because there are different categories of customers. There's the big customer,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: which is big by big means big by headcount or number of staff,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: not by revenue and these kind of things.Hassaan Ahmad: Sure.Shalen Sehgal: So um that's the way we see things because of course our uh pricing uh is linked to number of users and therefore the more the users the moreHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: attractive the deal is of course so we have three flavors uh super enterprise which is above um I would say it's about two and a two and a half thousand  
00:10:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: employees um then we have enterprise which is anywhere between 1,000 and two and a half thousand And then we have uh non-enterprise which is smaller organizations that um are looking for um you know a solution like ours. Our solution is modular. So you it's like a pick a mix store.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: you can come in and you can buy what you need your to fix your requirement now but overHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: time you can explore oh this is this looks like it could be of interest or could be of interest to a different department these kind of things um so it's a land and expand type approachHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. Um, that's helpful.Shalen Sehgal: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: I I will just put up my screen in front of you so you can see what I'm doing. Um, it's often helpful. Gives you a bit of context on what I'm working on. So, look, every single time I start working with CEO, I try to get this layoff the land.  
00:11:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: I'd like to understand what you're currently closing deals at. What does your win ratio look like? So, what is your sorry, what is your qualified ratio? So, how many qualified opportunities? How many qualified meetings turn into an opportunity? What are you gunning towards? And then we just reverse engineer that to get up to what is the volume that you need to be hitting in order to hit that revenue. Yeah, I'm pretty sure you do the same on your side,Shalen Sehgal: Correct.Hassaan Ahmad: so this shouldn't come as a surprise.Shalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um,Shalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: what is the delta from whatever this number is to whereShalen Sehgal: I think we get about 25.Hassaan Ahmad: youShalen Sehgal: If we look at a blended average over the last um year, I would say the average is about 25. Um SQLs per month.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, that's through your current channels. Okay. And what's the delta? Where do you want to get to?Shalen Sehgal: Well, if we say 60, then 25 60 - 25 is 35 additional  
00:12:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: SQLsHassaan Ahmad: Additional. Okay. Uhuh. Uh. Fine.Shalen Sehgal: cuz in cell B1 it says 60 are the required number of meetings.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I mean, that's based on this revenue metric. So, if you're doing how much do you close? What's your close rate? One in three. One inShalen Sehgal: Um I would say it is more like one in four. It's between one in three and one inHassaan Ahmad: Okay. And you're targeting 3x5,Shalen Sehgal: four.Hassaan Ahmad: so need about 80 meetings um in order to get to the 200k additional revenue. Look, um the reason I do it is because I like to then get to what is it that you should be spending if you were to activate another channel. Yeah. And this is the number that you're looking at. If you wanted an additional 200,000 in revenue where you close, your average close price is 30,000 and one in every four meetings converts to an opportunity that you then nurture and take through your sales process.  
00:13:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: you need to be generating an additional seven meetings which are hyper hyper hyper qualified with the right ICP in order to be hitting that number. Yeah. Based on the cost per meeting, whatever we decide um or whatever your current cost per meeting is, this is what you should be spending. This is what this spreadsheet is doing. I'll work through the numbers and I'll work with your colleague to get to a proper um run rate with you. That's what I'm trying to do. So, if you're targeting an additional 35 SQLs per meeting, um you need to be putting some serious effort behind it. Yeah, I think that bit is so far pretty clear to you. Now, what does that look like and where do I come in? My approach, you asked the question in the beginning was are we consultants? Are we exeutors? What are we? So, we are both. I've been a seller for 15 years selling directly into enterprise and I have sold pretty much anything and everything under the sun.  
00:15:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: So I started off selling pharmaceutical pivoted into financial services so data advisory software products APIs etc. went to sell apprenticeships after that I was selling planning solutions and plan you may have come across and so forth. So I've sold all kinds of solutions and I've sold at all levels. The last 10 years I've only sold to the CXO level. I don't sell below that because as you know when you have a interest below it usually doesn't convert. That's my core expertise within the business. We have principal design design partner. He's my co-founder from Meta. So he solves the design challenge, not just visual design, but also how are we taking and delivering a message to someone because as you know complexity doesn't scale. So we've got to take a very complex message, deliver it in a way that grabs somebody's attention, interrupts their pattern, gets them to check you out and book a call with you as you've done with us. That's by design. Yeah. And the third thing and the third part of the team is growth marketing.  
00:16:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: So we have a very very experienced marketeer on the team. We have some juniors as well but that person is who works with most of our clients, most of our technical clients. And he specializes in one thing and one thing only which is beating the algorithms at their own game. Yeah. So what do I mean by that? The marketing or most B2B marketing now runs on either LinkedIn or specialist tools. We go for LinkedIn because it allows for very hypersp specific targeting. So in your case, if you're going after COOs or you're going after business continuity managers, etc., LinkedIn is what allows us to target with precision. We can decide which companies we want to go for, which regions we want to go for and so forth. But the LinkedIn just doesn't you don't just give money to LinkedIn and it just puts it in front of people. There's an auction mechanism. LinkedIn decides if your ad is good enough, if what you're saying is good enough for those people. Yeah.  
00:17:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: And that's part of what we engineer. We have a proprietary approach called the four lens framework. And that four lens framework is it it tackles something that you described earlier, right? It's a sciencebacked approach to going to market by first identifying and isolating in hyper detail what that ICP looks like. So who is it that if we were to get a call with them, they would almost certainly turn into a qualified opportunity which will have good deal velocity and lead to a close. You can't guarantee these things, but you can engineer them with precision with enough precision that you stack the odds in front of them. That's the first framework. The second is messaging. What do you say to them that gets them to take an action? So, for example, again, taking your example, I said something in my post or in my ad, whatever you came across that grabbed your attention enough for you to come to my website and hit the call to action. Yeah, that's what we do for all of our customers.  
00:18:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: The third thing then is the channel and I've already said LinkedIn because that is where a lot of the B2B audience lives and consumes information with the mentality of I'm going to make a partner here. I'm going to potentially meet a vendor and so forth. Yeah. So they're in that consumption mentality rather than just a scrolling mentality on the channel. And the fourth is then execution. So through the combination of the three pillars that I talked about, so sales, design, and marketing, we're able to combine all of that in a way that then drives that higher call to action at a much lower,Shalen Sehgal: TheHassaan Ahmad: much more predictable cost per lead. Make sense so far?Shalen Sehgal: last one I think it was a bit fluffy, but the first three I understand.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What was fluffy about it?Shalen Sehgal: Well,Hassaan Ahmad: What didn'tShalen Sehgal: you know, I would expect marketing and sales and the other engines to be self uh improving. And the last one was like, oh, we'd look to improve do things to help uh ratios go up.  
00:19:30
 Shalen Sehgal: Yeah. Well, you should be doing that anyway, shouldn't you? You know what IHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, but once I will if we have another conversation,Shalen Sehgal: mean?Hassaan Ahmad: I'll show you what that looks like under the hood. Right. So, there's there's a good way of doing it and there's a bad way of doing it. Um, it's it's the good way. Now, I want to what I would like to show you today is what does that look like in practice. Yeah, I want to show you the three the first three frameworks. The fourth we can talk about. I'm going to give you an example of one of my clients who is technical like yours. So they are an identity access management platform. Uh I think the likes of Octa, one password and so forth. Very technical client, very technical product and there's only one or two people in a company that actually care about what they do, right? Nobody else does. Is that sort of similar profile to yours?  
00:20:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: Is that a goodShalen Sehgal: Um, I I'm not sure.Hassaan Ahmad: example?Shalen Sehgal: I'm not certainly everyone in our business really damn cares about what we do. We have a small team that is a fighting team.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Not yours. Not yours.Shalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: in your client'sShalen Sehgal: Oh, in the client's business.Hassaan Ahmad: businessShalen Sehgal: So, in what you're saying is our customers, there's only one or two people that really care.Hassaan Ahmad: about crisis control about a crisis control platform.Shalen Sehgal: depending on what stage they're at.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Shalen Sehgal: There are some of situations that customers have experienced major problems such asHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: what's going on now in the Middle East, such as the uh bombing that happened in Sri Lanka,Hassaan Ahmad: Of course.Shalen Sehgal: such as the um terrorist incident that happened in Tanzania. There are lots of dramas that happen all over the world all the time.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: Um and you know where an organization can use our system to build resilience.  
00:21:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: uh and you know uh or maybe not even level five but level one is get the get the right message out to the right person at the right time or to the right people at the right time in the right language in the right uh through the right channel given that we don't knowHassaan Ahmad: AllShalen Sehgal: that um for example Hassan we don't know that you're most responsive on SMS and maybe you don't lookHassaan Ahmad: right.Shalen Sehgal: at your emails these kind of things so we can get the right message out through a multitude of different channels uh to you to hopefully um either save your life or save uh the organization's reputation and and demonstrate duty of care.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: So, so I would say yes and no depending on what stage, but certainly when they start with us, I'd I'd say that it's a small group of people that areHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: um advocates of crisis control within their organization.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. And that's that's the nature of what you do, right?  
00:22:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: So crisis control business continuity is not top of mind for 99% of it impacts everybody but nobody wakes up thinking or 99% people don't wake up thinking this is something I need to prioritize today.Shalen Sehgal: The phrase we use in our business is the only thing harder than planning for an emergency isHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: explaining why you didn't why you didn't when thatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I love that what I cameShalen Sehgal: day comes. because that day is going to come.Hassaan Ahmad: across.Shalen Sehgal: Well, not we don't say because that day is going to come, but it's implied. And the reality is you see dramas happening. It could be natural weather disaster. Could be a terrorism incident. It could be war. It could be cyber crime. It could be any nature of uh crisisHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: you know uh requires a certain um requires a communication layer but also requires other things that need to happen. We have different modules for um different sort of use cases if I can use that phrase.  
00:23:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Shalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um and you're absolutely right. It's it the only time you really you realize how important this is is when things have gone wrong. Yeah. So your your job is or my job if I were to work with you is to get in front of the peopleShalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and get them to take a look at you when either they're not actively looking, they're not even thinking about it. So they're naturally unaware about the problem. Yeah, a lot of your customers are going to already have a solution in place because if they're enterprises, business continuity, crisis management is something that that would be the backbone of their organizations. We're either going after a replacement market or we're going after the lowhanging fruit such as uh what is it? Code red that got attacked last year. So, we're going after that or we are educating people so that that your solution is better. It exists. it is better because of X Y and Z and so forth.  
00:24:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's the challenge that we would need to solve. The way we would solve that or the way we solving that for one of our customers is by doing two things. The first one is really understanding one again who that ICP is. So who really cares about it and two wording it in a way that they feel obliged to take a look. Yeah. And I'm going to show you an example of what that looks like. So when I look at your website, when I look at a lot of technical products, they're very descriptive. You describe yours your website in the same way. So this is my other client that I was going to show you. You talk a lot about what the product is. And this is the homepage, but why the customer should care about it is often hidden somewhere. That's the piece we optimize for. So when we started working with them, we first identified a cash wedge we call it. So the immediate 100k opportunity, which in your case is the code red ransomware clients, we attack it in a way that anyone who has it top of mind, they look at it and they want to have a conversation with you.  
00:25:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: So in this case we targeted accounting firms who was experiencing an issue with one specific issue that is costing them hundreds maybe thousands every year. Yeah. So we capture that demand then we go into testing other things. So for example for these for the this is now the compliance piece. Now we're going towards a more um technically sophisticated audience. So we have ident exhausted the cash wedge. Then we target more sophistication. We try to bring people in through very emotive, very descriptive language which is all about their pain. We talk about the product in a way that they can associate themselves with it. They can selfqualify themselves as having some issues and they bring through the funnel. Yeah. And then we optimize the funnel in a way that they just there's minimum friction and they have a conversation with you. This is the messaging piece but behind it is the ICP piece. If we hadn't understood the ICP we wouldn't have been able to do this messaging.  
00:26:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: Now what this is not doing what do you meanShalen Sehgal: This message is uh email is it or you know how are you reaching out toHassaan Ahmad: sorry paidShalen Sehgal: these people? Let's say let's just take an example CEO Coca-Cola how are you reaching out to this these people?Hassaan Ahmad: adhShalen Sehgal: How what's the you know are we doing it via email or how how are we actually getting the message? I understand crafting the message needs to be suitable. How are we getting the message?Hassaan Ahmad: we are doing it through LinkedIn paid advertising I think for the most part and the reason why we do that and not the other approaches is one you already have it so we're not going to reinvent the wheel unless you ask us to take a look at that. The second thing is the people that we're targeting are constantly getting bombarded with outreaches like yourselves and various others. So if you were to go after a COO of Coca-Cola or CEO of Coca-Cola, the guy's probably getting 600 emails a day a minute,  
00:27:52
 Shalen Sehgal: a minute. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? So the only chance that you have at standing out is by interrupting theirShalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: pattern. Yeah. And the way you do that is by being there with the right message when they are scrolling on LinkedIn or they can seeing a post that you have done that resonates with them and so forth. So we do both. We do founderled um we call it thought leadership. So we do that and we do the company sponsored advertisements. by being there and interrupting the pattern with the right message is how we get to the people and our success rate with that is very high. Proof point is you're a CEO having a call with me with these guys. Um we have helped them get meetings with CTOs of UK top 40 firms for example. The cost per lead is about 200ish, but because the leads are so high quality, you know, it just the one deal pays for pretty much the entire year of ad  
00:28:57
 Shalen Sehgal: Fine.Hassaan Ahmad: span.Shalen Sehgal: So, how would we if we wanted to give you a you guys a go um dip our toe in the water as such?Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: What does that look like? And financially, what commitments do you need to do this?Hassaan Ahmad: Sure.Shalen Sehgal: If you like proof ofHassaan Ahmad: As a proof of concept,Shalen Sehgal: concept,Hassaan Ahmad: I would recommend a minimum 3 month pilot. We can talk about why that's 3 month, but in terms of investment, you're looking at a minimum of 9 grand allin. Okay. What that would entail is I would give you post. So, we would understand your message. is we would understand your product, your market and so forth. And then we'd activate two channels. The first one is we would activate your personal LinkedIn profile. You're already putting some content out there. You're already making some posts. I don't know how they're performing, but we have a way of crafting the message that performs really well.  
00:30:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: I'm getting a lead for 0.02 right now from my posts. Yeah. So, you would do that. That's the first thing we would activate. The second thing is we would do exactly what I've showed you. So the landing page, the LinkedIn creatives and LinkedIn ad campaigns and we'd split the budget between the two. Two grand is going to be tight for ad budget. But um that's the minimum I would recommend. So per month you would pay 1,000 to me, two grand into ad budgets. Three-month pilot, you would start seeing some results by the week four mark. uh by week six or eight you would have a very clear view on if this is working or not. Yeah. But I say 3 months just to account for you being busy, people being on holidays and soShalen Sehgal: Fine.Hassaan Ahmad: forth.Shalen Sehgal: So, let's do this. Um, can you send me an email with a proposal for this uh thing and let me put it in the  
00:30:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: um into the ether at Crisis Control and try and get some traction with it.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: When you talk about the ether, who needs to make that decision? Who needs to be on board to make that decision?Shalen Sehgal: So there's a lady called Anerie Fory who I tried to call inHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: um who is in charge of the marketing budget as umHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: and her one of her missions one of her key priorities is about lead generation and of course SQL's not MQLs um she's targeted on those things um so sheHassaan Ahmad: Who?Shalen Sehgal: would need to buy into this um approach But what I will do is if you send me the email, I will forward it to her and I'll get a um a three-way conversation going on between all of us can start.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think the next step needs to be before even the proposal because I don't think I have enough to send you a proposalShalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right now. Let me have a conversation with her. Right? If you have liked what you've heard today, just uh I can draft a message or you can do that yourself. Um just ask her to have a 30-minute call with me. We'll build that sheet. We'll build a business plan. See if that makes sense. If it does, she can sponsor that to you again. If it doesn't, well, it does that stage.Shalen Sehgal: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Does that work?Shalen Sehgal: that does work. Um, let me share her email address with you right now actually and I'll I'm having a call with her a minute ago. So, um, let me just get that sorted. Uh, Is there a uh should be a chat facility here in the there you are. I'm just going to put her email address into the chat. Feel free to send her an email. CC myself in and let's carry on theHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: conversation.  
Transcription ended after 00:33:22

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
