---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Mike / Hassaan : Zero Knowledge Tech – 2026/03/25 10:25 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-25T11:14:29.068Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-25T10:45:14.485Z
---


Mike / Hassaan : Zero Knowledge Tech - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hey,Mike Newman: Hassan, how are you?Hassaan Ahmad: Mike.Mike Newman: Sorry about that. So, I had a a brief window to get into. I've got some I had some documents to pick up from the lawyer's office and I had a brief window to get it in after the school drop off this morning and then I got caught up in traffic and then I had to wait because they didn't have all the documents and then it came out and it was two big boxes full that had to be taken down to my car in a trolley.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh,Mike Newman: So any so sorry about that.Hassaan Ahmad: wow.Mike Newman: I do apologize. So but I'm here now right. I'm conscious you've got a hard stop in about 15 minutes. So um how are you? You okay?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing all right.Mike Newman: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Mike Newman: Yeah. Not bad. Not bad.Hassaan Ahmad: Good.Mike Newman: So uh excited by this uh HMRC's little announcement um this week.  
00:00:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Mike Newman: So is it?Hassaan Ahmad: I think that's a big gift for us and it just plays so nicely what you guysMike Newman: Yeah, we we we it's the funny thing was we had another of our customers mention somethingHassaan Ahmad: do.Mike Newman: on Thursday in a meeting, but we didn't quite pick up on it, but it was only after James' call on Monday with that other prospect that we realized whatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: the first guy was talking about because on the on the call on Thursday, the existing customer said, "Oh yeah, an HMRC have just done you a really big favor, blah blah blah." But he didn't really go into any detail. you know about about multiffactor. Now we just assumed it was because of the existing way that multiffactor was used in governmentHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: gateway but I think looking back he was alluding to they they must have got wind of thisHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Newman: email or from this notification from HMRC as well. So it's it seems to be massive.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:01:42
 Mike Newman: The more and as as James is talking to prospects now,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Newman: even in the in the last 48 hours, this is bubbling up to become a very very topical problem for them and they're all starting they're starting to get a bit anxious about it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: So So that I think this there's a real window here to to go for this, you know, in a big a big way. So, um, yeah. So, but you we were here, we're going to talk about encryption. Do you want to given the time, do you want to maybe postpone that and doHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think so.Mike Newman: anotherHassaan Ahmad: So, my initial thought with the encryption was I'll I'll share the angle with you. We can all next month or something.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, I've been reading up and picking up a lot of chatter on agents.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So AI agents now being able to do a lot of different things and it got me thinkingMike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: that every agent that's accessing the web needs an identity infrastructure which is currently missing.  
00:02:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: So currently the users can only give them access to their emails but the agents don'tMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: really have a secure way which is permissions driven and so forth of accessing the web, accessing the tools. there's no audit infrastructure and so forth.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And I think that could be something that you guys could play in,Mike Newman: potentially potentially I I you know it's come up before and it's one of these onesHassaan Ahmad: right?Mike Newman: I've not quite thought it through enough to understand what the implications because there might it might be more of a product innovation thing for us and we might not be ready for it yet but let so let'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Mike Newman: look let's let's come back to that one if that's okay andHassaan Ahmad: absolutely. And look,Mike Newman: thenHassaan Ahmad: it's only worth doing something on it if the market shows you a genuine demand, right? So the way we do it is, you know,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we throw some thought leadership out there, see what kind of response we get.  
00:03:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: If there's response,Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: then hey, that's your market research and you can use that to inform your product roadmap.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: But absolutely, let's park it for now. I think HMRC has definitely done us a big favor.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So um my plan is that we just go to market with it thisMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: week. Um,Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: you've already looked at the copy. I'm just going to bring upMike Newman: Yeah. Looks looks great.Hassaan Ahmad: myMike Newman: Look. Love it. It all all looks good. Nice. It's It's compelling.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: It's uh you know, a few a few comments on it,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: but they were kind of minor and I think in the in the grand scheme of things. Um but I think yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Mike Newman: I like the like the look,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: the flow of it and all that sort of stuff.  
00:04:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So what what I wanted to do was capture,Mike Newman: UmHassaan Ahmad: you know, some tribal language, you know, how people are talking about it and so forth, which it's it's good that it resonates with you. So the plan is we're going to retire this page. Yeah. Because it's talking about the same thing. It's government gateway login and so forth. AndMike Newman: Yeah. So,Hassaan Ahmad: thisMike Newman: so the I suppose the only thing was on this one there was a little bit more about things like the 20 click process,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: you know, that that we turn the 20 clicks into one and kind of that is still relevant in the current.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So it would be almost a one for one mapping. So basically if I do arrange tab to split view,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: let's get this one.Mike Newman: But I like I likeHassaan Ahmad: So this goes, we get these logos.Mike Newman: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: So what we would do is we would change this.  
00:05:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: So we would replace this with this.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So the hero section becomes this one.Mike Newman: Yeah. Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: The logo stay the same.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: without uh Smith and what's the name? Won.Mike Newman: Oh, SNW.Hassaan Ahmad: Wesson.Mike Newman: Yeah. So, they're on our SNW are on our accounting page. um which I sent you the link for.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Um so they've got their logo is on there and that's the we just need to be careful cuz uh I think they came back to us recently saying we were using we were using the wrong logo so we had to update it. So if you use the one from our page and they'll be happy you know it won't uh cause any issues.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Mike Newman: Yeah, I think Well,Hassaan Ahmad: this is the current logo IMike Newman: I think it was I I think so,Hassaan Ahmad: guess.Mike Newman: but it might be one that their marketing team have sent us or given us to to say, "Can you update it to that?" So,  
00:05:55
 Mike Newman: we've got it on the H. Yeah, it's that one. It is that one. Yeah, that's it.Hassaan Ahmad: Cool. We'll do that. Um,Mike Newman: Oh, no. Sorry, I beg your pardon.Hassaan Ahmad: soMike Newman: It was AAB that came back to us and asked her to update the logo. Sorry. On that page, it was AAB. Beg a pardon.Hassaan Ahmad: okay.Mike Newman: But yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, update the logo in that in that area. The logos into that area. I think that'd be good.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So the way I like to do this is um minimize the lift required so we can maximize the velocities. These cards will go over here.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I think these are much more relevant.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: These logos stay where they are.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I think this is you. So, you raised a really good point about compressing that 20 point uh 20 click process into one.  
00:06:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, we'll have a think about I definitely want to keep this video. So, we'll keep it here.Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay. So, we'll get the video back in. That's good. Yeah. That hit that.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll get the video back in.Mike Newman: That's Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um yeah, we'll change this heading as well. Your wording was good.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, your phone receives the code. You still have to enter it yourself. We'll changeMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Because most of most of them are using text for to receive the code,Hassaan Ahmad: that.Mike Newman: not using authenticator applicate apps basically or password. So the so terminology is they'll be used to seeing text me you know text message.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah.Mike Newman: UmHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um I think this section this is better. What if you go?Mike Newman: Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: So we'll replace this one with this.Mike Newman: Okay. Are we are you putting any images  
00:07:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Mike Newman: in?Hassaan Ahmad: Definitely. Like this is just so when I send you the drafts, this is just right.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: This is just for words and stuff.Mike Newman: Okay. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's not my department.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's Adnan does it or Adil do it. They will make sure that they have the images, the videos, the QA, the right logos and everythingMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: inMike Newman: So where and uh so I haven't actually I got to be honest that bit on the leftand page that you're showing there the text and I haven't read the detail of this section or the oneHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Newman: above yet. So,Hassaan Ahmad: This is pretty similar to what it was anyway, IMike Newman: I'll just do a quick I'll do a quick pass just in case there's anything minor in there that we might wantHassaan Ahmad: think.Mike Newman: to align more because what what that was one thing that came out of James and I's discussion is that and I went through our accounting page and changed that accountants don't think of OTP or one-time passwords.  
00:08:25
 Mike Newman: That's just not not in their vocabulary.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: What they talk about is MFA codes or text messages.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: That's what they're thinking, you know, from aHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Mike Newman: mobile.Hassaan Ahmad: So, maybe have James do a read on it. I'm sure he can he can this all the detailed in the beat stuff and he can provide um someMike Newman: Yeah. Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: feedback. So,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: that frees you up from, you know, having to read through every word and stuff. Everything else is pretty much the same.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: My question to you is this new mandate applies to everybody, right? No matter the size of the firm and so on.Mike Newman: Exactly. Yes. everybody that has a government gateway. So, so basically what I hadn't realized is that there are four different types of governmentHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: gateway accounts. So, there's personal ones where you'll go in and do your tax return.  
00:09:13
 Mike Newman: There is corporate ones which are ones that are for um companies to log into their government gateway accounts. And so far these are the only these are the only ones that have MFA as a requirement now. So so most firms are firms are using a combinationHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Newman: of quite a lot of them are still using their their clients corporate codes to access company's house on their behalf but they then have these shared accounts called ASA accounts and legacyHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Mike Newman: accounts. Now the route into government gateway is the same for every single one. It's the same signin page. It's the same. It's a user ID and a password that you enter. But but depending on the user ID and password you enter that the user ID you enter that will determine whether government gateway perceive you as a personal corporate ASA or legacy government gateway user. And now what they're doing is this initiative is they're basically saying for anybody that is using an ESA account or a legacy account, we are also now introducing this requirement.  
00:10:25
 Mike Newman: We're mandating the use of MFA. Now the reason that that's significant is because ASA are is agent services accountsHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: which is what accountancy firms use. It's the type of account they're supposed to be using to look after their clients. But most of them use a hybrid of ASA legacy and corporate accounts to get into their client stuff. But the ASA is now going to cause them a big challenge because they they haveHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: so up until now they have been able to just log in with a user ID and password and get on with stuff and share that with the team.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: There's going to be a lot of running around and and a bit of probably a bit of panic and anxiety in firms at the moment hopefully. SoHassaan Ahmad: Hopefully. Um,Mike Newman: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: do we still want to target anyone 20 anyone with 20 employees and above?Mike Newman: um I I mean I think our original view was we should be going for the um sort of you know maybe 50 and above and I think you you'd suggested maybe  
00:11:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: 50. Yeah.Mike Newman: going a bit lower just to test the messaging out. I mean, you know what? I don't know. What What What do you think? I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: I think there'sMike Newman: what I'd like to do is I' I'd like to put all of our budget onto this just now instead of doing the other stuff just forHassaan Ahmad: absolutelyMike Newman: this next month or two to really make sure we're maxing out on theHassaan Ahmad: yeahMike Newman: potential of thisHassaan Ahmad: absolutely it it should go more than a couple of months because obviously some people are going to miss the deadlines they'll beMike Newman: channel.Hassaan Ahmad: with fines etc etc so people the urgency to take action would be even moreMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um IMike Newman: Well, they won't they won't get fined for not doing. It's just that they won't be able to do it. They'll basically I think what's going to happen is the that Government Gateway will justHassaan Ahmad: thinkMike Newman: eventually they haven't been clear about it, but I think they'll eventually say you now cannot you cannot proceed in government gateway now unless you set up MFA.  
00:12:27
 Mike Newman: So I think there's like a grace period they're giving people from April from April the message will pop up to say you need to set up MFA and then I think after that they're a bit vague about how they'll do it but I suspectHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: what they'll do is they'll just eventually get to a point where they say no we won't let you in any further now until you've set up your MFA but that's you know so I think that's what they'll end up doingHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Okay.Mike Newman: aHassaan Ahmad: I would recommend we stay aboveMike Newman: Uh-huh. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: 50 for better deliverability like it justMike Newman: Yep. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: delivers better ROI on the budget.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Now obviously the risk is then there's a lot of firms probably in thousands um which are below 50.Mike Newman: Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, you should ideally be set up with a self-s serve motion for thoseMike Newman: I know. I know.Hassaan Ahmad: guys.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.  
00:13:26
 Mike Newman: I mean that's we're just not we're just not quite there yet.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: I mean why I mean that in in some ways the the big firms are the ones that are going to take longer to react and to move on this. Well, if we maybe go for the big firms just now,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: then as we start to see hopefully leads coming through, we could maybe then open it up to some of the smallerms.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we could definitely do that. Um I I would have a think aboutMike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: if there is a way for us to if there's a lowc cost way for us to get some of the smaller ones in the funnel as well.Mike Newman: Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: But I for the first push,Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: let's target the bigger ones.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Make sure we're bombarding them with messaging forms.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So we would still use your LinkedIn, but we would use the other formats as well to just envelop them with  
00:14:22
 Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: messaging so that they know that they've got a problem and you have a solution. Meantime,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll have a think about it and maybe in a couple of weeks we can depending on where we are, we could activate that.Mike Newman: Okay. Okay. Sounds good.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Um, uh, what are you thinking in terms of ads,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: tweaks to the ads maybe around this? I'm just thinking that, you know, this is we've now got a very specific thing that we know is resonating highly and there's a there's urgency associated with it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: I think one of the one of one of the I don't know what you see you were seeing as the performing ads and I've not I've not done any analysis but I mean I always like that one with the squiggly path line to get to into government gateway and the one about the one about people saying and who's got the code again you know that little joke where it's a you know now who's got the phone with the code on it  
00:15:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Mike Newman: so anyways just you know I guess we probably just want to review and just to make sure cuz I can't remember what the other ads look like, but just to make sure they're all we're we're bringing this MFA driver out as a as a kind of key thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Abs. So, we'll take some of the best ones uh from the prior campaign.Mike Newman: Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: It's funny that you say the squiggly line one because that was one of the worst performers.Mike Newman: Was it really?Hassaan Ahmad: It just didn't it was to look at,Mike Newman: Was it okay? Right. It didn't just didn't resonate.Hassaan Ahmad: but I think it just it just didn't bring too many people inMike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: the So,Mike Newman: I liked it. But maybe that says something about the way my brain works in squigglyHassaan Ahmad: actually, there's a way to use it.Mike Newman: lights.Hassaan Ahmad: Um for this we would do two things. So we would have those we call them static image conversion ads.  
00:16:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: So those were prior ones.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: They are designed for maximum conversion. If somebody's feeling the pain, they look at the ad, they come in through the funnel and they go straight in.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What we would also activate for this is your profile. So I would give you posts to put on from your profile.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um that's cheaper, the reach is higher and it gets people interested or aware and then when they look at the single image conversion ad they're more likely to come through the funnel.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So we could use some of that squiggly image and you know some of that more abstract imagery with yourMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: posts because that gets people to stop and read your post.Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So we we'll definitely use that.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: The way we work is or the way the flow is structured is I do the big copy change right so I set the direction of this is what the messaging needs to be now we'll fire off now that you've approved it today we'll fire off parallel work streams so one person's going to  
00:16:57
 Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: update the website that's going to be ready the other one's going to start working on the images so forth so that should be ready today maybe middle ofMike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: tomorrow yeah and then by later tomorrow or early on Friday, we should be going live with that. In the meantime,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm just finalizing the posts that I want you to start putting out there.Mike Newman: Amazing.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: that we will coincide that with the web page going live so that when we add the link, when somebody clicks on that, they go straight to that message.Mike Newman: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Great.Hassaan Ahmad: The leakage that way and u yeah end of tomorrow is whenMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: a large part of this should be done.Mike Newman: Great. That's brilliant. Yeah. That's great.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: Awesome. Uh,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: we could use James' profile for the posts as well.  
00:17:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, I could give you five. I could give him five or something.Mike Newman: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: And then we justMike Newman: let me let me let me speak to I mean if you just if you give me give me them like split. Well, if if I mean I don't know if it matters who they come from. I don't know how they're how they read. Um but if you want to give me them split as an option for James, I'll speak to James and then and see what his thoughts are on it and see whether we think who's got the best reachHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Mike Newman: toHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. It's fairly educ the posts are fairly educational.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I I don't like to do those,Mike Newman: Self-promotional ones.Hassaan Ahmad: you know,Mike Newman: I know.Hassaan Ahmad: and that stuff doesn't work for me.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: very professional, very educational,Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: but also like this is the problem, this is the solution,Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: this is what you do.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, it should work fine,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but if he has any issues, then we could just use yours.Mike Newman: Okay. Sounds good.Hassaan Ahmad: Cool. Awesome. Mike, let us get on it and then let you know.  
Transcription ended after 00:19:10

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
