---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: carrotcake – 2025/10/27 13:31 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:12.730Z
meeting_date: 2025-10-27T14:15:01.453Z
---


carrotcake - Transcript
00:00:00
 Adeel Khan: Hi Gemini. Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Hello. Hello.Adeel Khan: f*** that. I was like Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: They just needed 10 grand. That's it.Adeel Khan: So basically they want 10 grand for Pakistan in the bank statement for the last two months. Sorry Max.Hassaan Ahmad: Who?Adeel Khan: So rejected. I was like, "Oh, yeah. If it gets accepted then you pay you don't pay good.Hassaan Ahmad: Nice job.Adeel Khan: So basically flight Friday nightsHassaan Ahmad: Nice. Good man. Okay. Hello. Nice. Nice.Adeel Khan: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Junior Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Saychech. There you go.Adeel Khan: Yeah. It's like there's a bed, there's no table or anything, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Seriously, I think I think you and I can do a lot.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. Beach idea. Beach idea. I'm like, "Bro, websiteHassaan Ahmad: You go from idea to execution really quickly. Okay, bro. My answer is going to be bro.  
00:03:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: Let's do it. And then five minutes later, it's done. Hold up.Adeel Khan: only with LinkedIn outreach And it's going to be like, "Dude, I have a bet with two meta designers and I can't sell them a $500 website." Something like that. Proof of concept, but that's like good cash money coming in.Hassaan Ahmad: Got it there. I want to build pipeline in November and December.Adeel Khan: We are head.Hassaan Ahmad: December I don't know but because we're going after smaller companies I think December might work as well for userenerate because what I'm thinking of isAdeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. So damn, bro.Hassaan Ahmad: fulltime bro.Adeel Khan: Like nice. So you want to get So that's you want to get more things in the more revenue coming up, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think we're at that point where this isn't a stupid decision anymore, right? Because PMF valid.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So now we are more in the we are retentionAdeel Khan: Yeah. And like the additional cash thingies Wow.  
00:05:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: right client retain doesn't cost us anything client Lana costs us whatever our acquisition cost is I think last we checked It was what 1,00 something 2000Adeel Khan: Yeah. No, I think Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: at the same time we have two three four five ongoing that enables us to do a lot and I just can't focus on two things man like the kind of life that I'm living right now is not sustainableAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So I'm pretty much at the point I've made the decision and even we have I think we are still okay right clients.Adeel Khan: Oh, nice. Sorry. I feel likeHassaan Ahmad: So that's the game man.Adeel Khan: there's good potential referral business. I have two people. I want you to test it out. So that's three. Three.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly right. So it's it's this kind of opportunity which I'm now looking at and I just can't man like because I have to work on and a plan shed. I could very well be working on my own stuff.  
00:07:33
 Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: Damn it.Adeel Khan: 12 15 15 KMR limit. Three four. Yeah, we can do like 15 16 KMR like a target for you. Like if if you're getting 16k MR, it's like very comfy for you to keep. That's it. 16 camera is my one login.Hassaan Ahmad: 10k 10k MR we are good to go right and 10k MR requires two more customers at three grand that's it that's like he we agreed on the commercials and everything like Wednesday. So I sent him the agreement again if he comes. So I think we will be at 7K MR anyway. Yeah. So then we need one more client. So we will aim for two.Adeel Khan: That's still That's the name for two. That's the name for two.Hassaan Ahmad: We will aim for as many as possible. But at 10k MR things are good, man.Adeel Khan: So Q4 they sign up they're like they're planning so it's also that element but it's also that element no one's thinking about but yeah but either Maybe it doesn't because my ICP went up.  
00:09:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: startup obviously um because people are going to take some holidays.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: They they will want to spend some time. Everybody wants to off and recharge and stuff.Adeel Khan: No.Hassaan Ahmad: But till the 15th of December, I think things will be good. 15 say 20th t things will slow down on the work front which people more time to focus on these things.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So may not happen.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But the point is but we need to get to a point we are doing it.Adeel Khan: Um Yeah. Yeah. December I think. We had a client who booked a call for $800. Okay. Very nice. I don't know. John, we're like making It'sHassaan Ahmad: All right.Adeel Khan: very high. Yeah. Because we're getting too much leads. We can't handle it. So, we have to stop.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that would be a nice problem to have.Adeel Khan: Yeah, man. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Actually, I wanted to discuss with you landing page which was the second landing page that we created.  
00:11:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: Do you think we need to change something in order to launch the PMF stuff? So, offer like a PMF offer, but do you think we need a dedicated landing page?Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Should we just go with it?Adeel Khan: I think let's try a dedicated landing page.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: And I think reviews they don't need to know because they won't ever check that landing page. But carrot cakes all over geneticHassaan Ahmad: No, that Yeah.Adeel Khan: is even Yeah, I was supposed to I was going to make a prom case study for Promentation.Hassaan Ahmad: got there.Adeel Khan: Oh, and if you're leaving, bro, we have a hard leadership angle.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, sir. hobby.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, so I think we should be good to go, bro. Once I leave, things are things are going to good get good, which is why I want to leave like literally tomorrow if I can.Adeel Khan: Hope mental health.Hassaan Ahmad: like December should beAdeel Khan: Uh, so December that's like one month off and then January may you leave.  
00:13:49
 Adeel Khan: No, no vacation times. Squeeze every bit of money. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that's a vacation all first say 31st 1st of Jan to 31st of December which means I lose everything at 31st December.Adeel Khan: No. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: This is annoying in add because I want that pipeline and I want that another client before I jump ship.Adeel Khan: Look at her.Hassaan Ahmad: coaches.Adeel Khan: Is there anyone from the old leads that might fit for the P BM?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, a couple I think.Adeel Khan: We can shoot them an email.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's not actually.Adeel Khan: old school.Hassaan Ahmad: It's about what works, man. So, yeah, we definitely got it.Adeel Khan: Yeah. I mean, I would also see PMF as a shortterm cash flow with like very high churn but also medium recurring uhHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's Yes. And client rebank.Adeel Khan: You lose. Yeah. You lose $200, $300. That's it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Post for the the sales the sales thingify. Yeah.  
00:15:53
 Adeel Khan: And it's a good ROI.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I think Mazi actually before moving to thatAdeel Khan: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: remote year planner what's what are we going toAdeel Khan: Let me see. I can adjust the landing page as well. Uh pricing unless he's already done that. Uh like audience penetrated so it's not bad only only audience I think US potential by the piano.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll do both US and the UK and manage working like I'm available three days for meetings US and the goal is pretty simple like if we have one closed client by the endAdeel Khan: Okay. Three.Hassaan Ahmad: of the month.Adeel Khan: No. Do you want to do list targeting?Hassaan Ahmad: That's that's all I need, right? Judges as in Yeah.Adeel Khan: Listing like something startup and just target those. Yeah, I do that. Let's do that. Let's do that.Hassaan Ahmad: Fit her bro.Adeel Khan: We'll stick to whatever ICP that is. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Sure. So what do you need from me?  
00:18:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: Landing page.Adeel Khan: Yeah, list basically list and password. So should be fine.Hassaan Ahmad: F. So that's removed here. We're going to target Monday for this fusible.Adeel Khan: Yeah, mine is fine.Hassaan Ahmad: I was seriously thinking even if we make one grand from it over the next three months, we tell him all and we'll run ad. Is that alone going to be enough like two grand a month? likeAdeel Khan: So this average CPCs are like $38ish. So that's 66 67 clicks. Uh 67. Okay, let's assume it's a long like it can happen also. I would say 70% We might not get anything. 30% we might.Hassaan Ahmad: H.Adeel Khan: That makes sense because long like maybe maybe we actually get a customer from that ad in January because they probably have it and they're probably just waiting discussing and then eventually but it'll be like impacted from that ad. So we have seen like if we do it now I think December and November Thanksgiving and all.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.  
00:20:58
 Adeel Khan: So if we do it from Jan 1 though might be might be worth it might be 40 60 maybe. So we'll be some strong connection there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Let me see.Hassaan Ahmad: Part of me is like per month set the expectations.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll just be like, "Yeah, December is going to be a write off. NovemberAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we can try right we've got what five weeks November and then we can take a pause in December and we can start again in January.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah, we can do that.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: Just go there.Hassaan Ahmad: Is Can we do that this time?Adeel Khan: There you go.Hassaan Ahmad: Because that seemed to work pretty well, man.Adeel Khan: Yeah, I don't basically disturb them. That makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: But yeah, that usually works. uh because uh time time zones but was like yeah in fusible case I think we were doing US lag but yeah we can do country.Hassaan Ahmad: I think let's do that.  
00:22:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. At this point what we need to do is if we have the volume that starts kicking in if the volume is there then it becomes a quality improvement problem which is different it's just basically extending ourAdeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: game I guess I don't want to work again with people who haven't ran ads before even though she has ran ads ads and stuff.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I feel like leading without leadership is a much better option for us.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Every other client that we get, that's what we should do. Lead without leadership. Then we start ads. Once you start getting subtraction and so forth experiment Fusible wall.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Phone size. The gold one. Okay. Okay. Yeah, it's long winded. Like I'm I'm 100% confident customer end of month three like three early or late three from LinkedIn organic social could could be could be the thingy because 22 22nd October And there's also this Valerie the direct traffic I hear.  
00:24:30
 Adeel Khan: So she's from America brookfield.com. So you know like Impact bro Impact I have I'm pretty sure they influence leads angry.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. I'm pretty sure impact and I'm pretty sure the reason why he's talking to us still is because he wants us to continue doing what we're doing, but he's taking advantage of the fact that we can't attribute things thatAdeel Khan: But uhHassaan Ahmad: are to our offer, right? I think he's playing that. I really just think That is the problem that we somehow need to have a better handle of otherwise.Adeel Khan: yeah, babe.Hassaan Ahmad: He's a smart guy, man. He just knows because if we can't track it, we can't get any commission on anything that he closes. You know what? You didn't do it, sir.Adeel Khan: type Maybe next month, but next month they'll see they'll see that nobody or they'll see less pipeline coming in basically because like I did like two months ago, I saw I saw an effect uh the next month. Uh so I was spending decrease I see an effect I said the whole thing myself so I can also attribute better  
00:26:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's because you are you have view of the entire picture. Yeah.Adeel Khan: system very robust comes. But uh yeah, CM Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah man. Yeah. I will just tell him we will keep on investing money into his I will try to get him to do three grand. Um if we can do three grand a second November run or December commit we will stop and then we in January again. So let's see how he responds to it because we'll just put it on our ads.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Add costic value.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. uh before we moved to Garrett cake and Gary because you guys are spending a lot of money and I started uh different campaign but I just start putting $2 a day and I'm getting more volume than you guys.Adeel Khan: I decidedHassaan Ahmad: So what's going on? I was like so the point that he is trying to understand is we are with the same amount of budget. We got nine leads last week, we got two leads this week.  
00:28:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, what's the plan is basically his question or what's the strategy. So, just be ready for that. might have an answer to that question.Adeel Khan: So traffic campaign the traffic campaign here.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, that's the answer. But that still doesn't answer the question. Hey, Gazina. I know there's an out.Adeel Khan: How many demos have we gotten? 9 10 $70 a demo. Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: No, Gary boy. I'm trying to get 100k out of him through his other company and a plan.Adeel Khan: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So carrot cake. Um so carrot cake.Adeel Khan: message. She wants to target series startups. Yeah, believe yesterday make it seed and series A. Yeah, series C or series A start. I'm scared.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, heat.Adeel Khan: So it's not bad. I think we can keep that as a one first test. So basically one industry I think we should target two and uh I appreci,000 that's picked 22. Okay.  
00:30:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: We have $5,000 per month ad spend. So she has an idea which I think we should listen to because at the same time she's never done LinkedIn before. So this is our way of showing we know what we're talking about. My thought for carrot cake was and call me out if it's not right. She doesn't mind being the face of the company with her.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We have an opportunity thought leadership and then we do ads, right? I think this is the way we should do it. narative we need to think about how do we frame the new narrative retainer client we need we're targeting high ticket clients so we need to rewrite the narrative about I think we start with thought leadership agencies what's broken with agencies, why this makes sense, why this approach is superior, blah blah blah. s***, and then we done that. What do you think?Adeel Khan: Yeah, it's a it's a good way. It's just like cuz it's it's like your top of funnel brand awareness.  
00:32:21
 Adeel Khan: So we can later retarget them but uh like you should know okay it's not a lead for example come 10% chance but it's good for the sword building and everything but the first I think yeahHassaan Ahmad: thinking about it. Okay, in terms of the funnel, we start building it from the very top, right? Top of thought leadership, then we have a leads campaign, then we have somethingAdeel Khan: this is a type of product as well this lead campaign direct beach sier. Uh but the thought leadership angle is good or I think we could actually do the first week we don't even boost the post because I think it's go organically we try daily uh one she's a girl that will help for sure take number two it's a very interesting thing as well relatively and this she makes videos and we text I think and we can boost the thought leadership video ones and then we canHassaan Ahmad: No.Adeel Khan: literally retarget 50% with our lead funnels. So yeah, looks good. So the narrative I think since we pitching like it's basically an agency.  
00:33:50
 Adeel Khan: So we should pitch how she's like she says Google ads how she's like to a very good at Google ads but b is building a software that will replace her she's basically going to replace herself later on and how she uses ger to help her with her campaign right We can just b******* some numbers as well. It's never again like real life case studies. They will be basically case studies. Then she can just make a video like that could be the first step.Hassaan Ahmad: So what's stopping us from giving her some ideas like thought leadership post ideas or so while I'm working on the messaging I think we can still like just send her something and be like NicoleAdeel Khan: Yeah, we can do that.Hassaan Ahmad: calendar. So starting from tomorrow, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, yeah, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, these are the three messages you're going to send.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So we give her a content calendar for content schedule for two weeks. That gives us a week or two to come up with messaging, build the landing page.  
00:35:41
 Adeel Khan: Yeah, please.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So let's do that because I think carrot cake is one joke.Adeel Khan: Yeah, I want to say for her ICP professional services like law firms, recruitment companies, dental, Google ads, those are like very prime Google because local businesses, dental services near me, uh, law firms near and healthHassaan Ahmad: Health and fitness, beauty.Adeel Khan: and fitness I think for but those are meta ads no yeah was getting meta customer notHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Actually, I think lawyers is a great idea. They go to Google and they get a lawyer.Adeel Khan: Yeah. All professional services, accounting firms, lawyers, offshore recruitment, Google ads. Uh then what else? What else? Construction companies. Uh property management. UhHassaan Ahmad: We're basically targeting companies the lifetime value from customers is large, right? So, professional services, let's say, and you get a client that gives you 2500. That's dental m the same.Adeel Khan: pretty well.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, yeah. Okay. Interesting. Ro is a thought leader space  
00:38:16
 Adeel Khan: Now work on that.Hassaan Ahmad: like he's in the way now.Adeel Khan: Yeah, I just don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: So that's message, bro. Yep.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Uh if we're if we're doing so, uh messaging if we're doing different ICPS, right? So, we'll do specific landing pages for each startup and professional services. But uh if you're doing like dental accounting but we'll have the base for example your dental agency needs more lead or something I don't know but you know if you run Google ads you can actually customize the location you send a record or a web flow make And it basically so example if you search uh London accounting firms accounting very very interesting but I don't know maybe Uh copy.Hassaan Ahmad: Nice. Leadflow website copy. Did you make it?Adeel Khan: Yeah, you design please.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's just take that, put that on proper cookie cutters. Um, I think we have a plan. Let's get going this week and going next week. P. Gary,Adeel Khan: Y Creative social.Hassaan Ahmad: I have a message. So, yeah. So, wait for him.Adeel Khan: Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: They can uh he's just like, "Oh, what's happening? Yeah, he's f****** something else, man.Adeel Khan: Yes. Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm gonna go because what do you think? Do you want to spend some time with I think why don't you guys spend 30 minutes orAdeel Khan: Yeah, don't mind. Yeah. Yeah. again. Yeah. Yeah, man. Yeah. I'll sit with I can I think I can do it.Hassaan Ahmad: message. Then you guys coordinate.  
Transcription ended after 00:43:21

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
