---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Caspian Technologies – 2025/08/12 19:26 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:38:28.757Z
meeting_date: 2025-08-12T19:08:38.379Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Caspian Technologies - Transcript
00:00:00
 Dale Boehm: it it just was an ugly time. And so we've worked our way through all that. But it's it uh what we ended up doing which was a good thing for the company is we did probably some of the first things that if you want to scale you got to get rid of bad clients. And so we went through our product list. We made sure that all our products were being priced correctly. Uh we went back to all of our clients and said, you know, here's here's what your new rates are going to be. Um, and that included uh the security services that a lot of our clients were not uh taking from us because they didn't want to spend the money.Hassaan Ahmad: Nice.Dale Boehm: And we made it mandatory because they were killing us. And a lot of the clients said, "Yeah, that's great. You  
00:00:58
 Dale Boehm: know, we don't want to have problems either." and some of our larger clients that we after we looked at it you know we were losing money on we went back with some significant increases like you know 10,000 a month increase kind of stuff and said you eitherHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dale Boehm: need to you know do this and make sure that you're utilizing everything that we bring to the table here or we don't we can't move forward and so we took a couple big clients out of the mix um you know and uh albeit you know that was cash coming in. It just wasn't necessarily cash coming out the other side, but it sure helped pay bills sometimes, you know, because it was just more of a a larger cash flow. But and so things have gotten a little bit tight, but we've really been able to uh to kind of get through this. And now, you know, what we did is we're a big um as you can see like on our data center or on our website, you know, we're we're a big data center organization.  
00:01:55
 Dale Boehm: We've got two facilities. We rebuilt everything. We made sure that our backend was scalable. Um, and we just really built new processes and procedures, you know, into how we how we operate so that, you know, so that we don't get to a point where someone says, "Oh, stop stop. You know, I can't take any more clients. We're packed." And so that that's we know that that's not going to happen. Um, and now it's just a matter of turning around and and trying to flip that switch and and go get in front of as many people as we can. We've got a good story once we're in front of people. Uh what we don't have is the marketing story to get in front of people. And that's what's killing us.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I I get it. And uh if I were to summarize, it's it's now a matter of rebuilding after that chapter 11. And uh just, you know, taking this new story to the clients, showing them that you are, you know, Yeah.  
00:02:49
 Dale Boehm: Correct. Correct. And we're even looking at potentially rebranding uh with a a different brand name. Uh you know, not that I want to give up what I've created for 23 years, but we've come up with something that that really kind of solidifies the fact that we manage security both virtually and physically. And uh you know, it's kind of all things secure and none of your IT stacks can can operate without being uh secure in today's day and age. And so that's that's the path we're looking at uh potentially going down.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. It's the end to end convert security story, right? which I don't think most people do. A lot of the times when I come across it's it's usually IT security and just the software side of things, but nobody's really doing the physical at least as far as Yeah.Dale Boehm: Yeah. And if you really want to be compliant and ensure that you're doing what's best for your cyber security insurance and just, you know, most most companies have some kind of compliance needs based on their client base.  
00:03:49
 Dale Boehm: Um, you know, that's one of the things that we we do and bring to the table is compliance as a service. And so we want to make sure that, you know, we're just as compliant and we've been working really hard on that to make sure that we can say that. Um, now we just need to market it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And how are you thinking about marketing? Mike Mike said in his note that you guys don't have marketing muscle right now.Dale Boehm: Yeah, we we don't have a clue. Yeah, I mean that's that's like we don't know anything about marketing.Hassaan Ahmad: So, okay.Dale Boehm: We're we suck.Hassaan Ahmad: So, when you think about marketing, what does that mean to you?Dale Boehm: Um one is is you know like for instance you've got to deal with the brand. you've got to have um you know at least stable information, you know, on a website because everyone's always going to go look at your site after you meet them. Um you know what we've never really been good at is creating campaigns like drip campaigns with landing pages, you know, so that we can get out and even if we we did something like this, we'd have to have that in place, you know, at a minimum.  
00:04:54
 Dale Boehm: um you know and then uh everything that we've done in 23 years has been referral and and um you know um um uh what am I trying to say? Just you know mostly referrals and and just you know who we are. Um and and that's great. That'll keep you busy, but it's not going to help you get you know from you know we were just over five million. We're probably going to be just under four million this year. I need to be over 10 and that and quickly. And so I know we can do it. We've opened a small office in Omaha. We're starting to, you know, do business in De Moines. Uh we're trying to expand into Michigan and Indiana um and and potentially Kentucky and Ohio. And I've got I've got four people in an office in Atlanta that, you know, we're not doing any business down there. I just kind of acquired that team, which has been great for us. Uh but they're, you know, they're not doing anything.  
00:05:50
 Dale Boehm: So, um, that's that's where we're trying to get to.Hassaan Ahmad: So, it's about keeping the team fed. I saw on LinkedIn there's about four business development people that you've got at least linked to Caspian might be looking for jobs or something.Dale Boehm: Uh, right now it's just one. So, the there's uh the ones that might still be on there are just stupid enough not to change their LinkedIn profile.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, cool. So, one salesperson and the goal is to fill their calendar up with as many meetings as possible so that they're closing and not chasing. Correct.Dale Boehm: What's up?Hassaan Ahmad: Saying so, the goal is to fill up the one person's calendar hopefully to a point where they are in meetings.Dale Boehm: Well, yeah, and part part of that is um you know, if he's not providing a ton of value now as it is, do we need him?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dale Boehm: you know, my leadership team would be better off, you know, um if we had somebody helping get a, you know, meetings or at least interest in having discussions, my leadership team right now would be more enabled and uh strong to uh to have those meetings than than the sales rep that we have.  
00:07:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And that's often the differentiator between closing a you know 10KD deal versus a 50K deal, right? It's it's the trust factor. It's the subject matter expertise that comes across in those meetings.Dale Boehm: Correct. Correct.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, um, when you talk about marketing and, you know, getting your story out, would you Mike, um, Stephen be open to putting out thought leadership pieces?Dale Boehm: Uh, am I open to it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm sorry I'm having a hard time hearing you.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dale Boehm: Um it it's not real clear, but um yes, I'm totally open to it.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry.Dale Boehm: I mean, I would love to to figure out how to start posting um you know, some information that is actually of value. That that's what I'm looking to be is the value player, right? I want our clients to work with us because we provide value to their organizations and get it to a point where they don't want to operate without us.  
00:07:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, absolutely. And what about case studies?Dale Boehm: Yeah, we don't we've never done a good job of that.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Dale Boehm: We don't have that. We'd have to start creating that. We could probably go back and try to create a few. Um, you know, uh, it wouldn't be that hard, you know, to create some some case studies from the past.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dale Boehm: But, uh, moving forward, I think, you know, with new clients as we bring them on, we're going to want to kind of create them in sync, you know, with onboarding.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. That that sounds good. So um Dale, how much do you know about what we do and you know what what the offer is structured like?Dale Boehm: Uh, nothing.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you have any Okay. All right. So let me tell you the way we operate, right? And where we're going to be able to help in this whole thing, right? I'm going to come out right right off the gap and say that we we don't do brand marketing, right?  
00:09:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: We think that's good, but it's just not a skill set that we have. What we do, however, is performance marketing, right? And performance marketing is is where, you know, you are getting conversions. You're getting leads through the through the funnel and converting. In my experience, brand is good. Hi Mike.Michael Kiefer: Sorry about that.Hassaan Ahmad: No, no worries. So um yeah, Mike, really quickly. So I'm Asan. I run sales at Primote here. Dale and I were just talking about some of the challenges um at Caspian and talking about, you know, what the future strategy looks like. And Dale, if I can summarize it, it's it's it's a matter of rebuilding after, you know, the uh the events of the past year, right?Dale Boehm: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Bringing together your story, well, highlighting your story and, you know, bringing together your converged um security solution service, your differentiated security service to um to your vendors. You have a lot of goodwill in the market and you just want to get a better way of bringing that to the customers, starting more conversations and closing faster.  
00:10:24
 Dale Boehm: Correct.Hassaan Ahmad: Correct.Michael Kiefer: Yes, I like Michael.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, Mike, I was just, by the way, is it okay if I call you Mike or do you prefer Michael? All right. I apologize. So, Michael, um, I was just getting started talking about the way we approach things, right? So I've I've got about 15 and a half years in sales selling B2B SAS BC SAS um advisory analytics anything and everything under the sun. I've got a partner who has a strong design expertise. So he's a design engineer at Meta. Uh 15 years experience brings that to the table. And then we have a media buyer who's very very proficient at creating campaigns, running them and getting them getting leads basically. So the way we operate is we start off by attacking the messaging problem first, right? Or by messaging I mean the value proposition, the the the landing page copy, the way you are explaining your story or you bringing your story to potential customers, right? And we get that right by ideally interviewing one, two, maybe three of your existing customers and trying to understand from their perspective what is it that they were feeling or what they were experiencing before they brought you in. What were the problems they were trying to solve?  
00:11:48
 Hassaan Ahmad: How have you been able to solve them? Solve those problems with them and what are the KPIs? What are the metrics they have experienced? what are the outcomes that they have experienced after the relationship with you. We do a couple of those interviews and we'll do the interviews with yourselves, with Stephen, with others really understanding, you know, what is your core solution. We'll marry the two and we'll come up with messaging that speaks to an exact level buyer and it is designed to hit the pain points that they are thinking about in their terms. Right? Provided we get that right, that process takes about threeish, three to four weeks. Provided we get that right, that's already a really strong starting point for us to then base any campaigns on. Right? So we take that message, that message that is highly val validated, very resonant with your target buyer and not just the the people who will use your solution, the people who will write the checks, right? The people who ultimately have the decision- making power.  
00:12:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: So we take that messaging and we convert that into offer that is really compelling right you saw an example of that Michael when you saw our ad and you clicked on it right so that's the level of clarity that we want to aim for where in 3 seconds or less somebody who is you know who meets the attributes of a person that you want to have a meeting with they understand what is it that you do they understand the value and they can in 3 seconds or less qualify them themselves in or qualify themselves out. Right? The reason we do it this way is because I hate spending time in meetings that are not qualified. I'm sure you do as well. Right? So, the goal is to bring the quality up as much as possible so that every meeting either gives you an opportunity or it gives you some real feedback on why that person or that persona is not a good fit. Right? So we do that and once we have those two things done, we then start the sales paid campaigns and we can run them for any number of personas, any number of solutions, any number of landing pages.  
00:14:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: I can provide some guidance around how much that's going to cost, right? in terms of the ad budget that you should allocate for that. But for the first couple of months, we typically front the ad budget ourselves in order to validate the messaging, in order to get the acquisition economics right and to come to you with very solid metrics on, you know, what is it going to cost you if you were to bring in a customer that's going to pay you, let's say, $90,000, right? So that's in a nutshell what the offer is. Got to take a pause here and see if that aligns with what you guys are after.Dale Boehm: Yeah, I I believe so.Hassaan Ahmad: Michael, what's your thought?Michael Kiefer: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, well, if it is aligned, then what would you want to do next? What would help you make a decision and decide to move forward with this?Dale Boehm: I I I guess it I mean do you have the the process laid out where we could kind of walk through it on paper and and understand a little bit better of of what you just said?  
00:15:17
 Dale Boehm: I mean I know it it sounded like you know you you've got a process um from that perspective. I'd just like to understand um Oh.Hassaan Ahmad: So this is the process. Yeah. So it's three phases. Can you see my screen?Dale Boehm: Uh hold on a second. Uh yeah, now I canHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's better. Okay. So, three phases, right? Foundation, validation, acceleration. First two phases is about 3 months and that's typically what I would propose as a pilot for you guys, right? It's a 3 months pilot of which the first 3 to four weeks is the foundation where what we're doing is what I said sea level messaging conversion optimized landing pages as well as any creatives any assets that are needed to launch a sales campaign. Right? All of these will be built with you in the sense that we will create them but you will need to provide us guidance on does it hit the message? Is it on brand for you?  
00:16:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, anything that might help us differentiate through that messaging to your customers and so forth. So, your involvement in this case is just providing us access to customers, maybe doing a couple of interviews with us and giving us a couple of demos. So, helping us understand your process. Three weeks to get the messaging right, to get everything um up, build your associate presence, build the copy, etc. Ideally, yeah, if you Yeah, the more the better.Dale Boehm: So when you say on the foundation access to customers. Do you want access to our existing client base so that you can have those discussions with them? Yeah. Great. Okay. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Three to five would be absolutely perfect. And you know what? When we are in those conversations with them, we can structure the interviews in a way that allow us to take the intel that we gather and put it as a case study. Right? So, that's going to be your first three or five case studies that can go up on your website.  
00:17:18
 Dale Boehm: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep. All right. So, that's the foundation phase. That then leads to the validation phase where we will take the messaging that we've developed, right? And we'll run ads on that part. We'll we'll deploy paid channels for you. It's going to be LinkedIn. My media buyer also wants to do Google. We can make a decision on, you know, what's what's better or do we want to do both the goal is to do one validate the messaging, right? So, make sure that whatever we have developed, does that actually work, right? And number two, give you some hard metrics on what your unit economics look like. Right? So Michael mentioned that, you know, you're targeting 3 to 5% IRR. That's great, but is that realistic? We don't know yet. Right? So doing this validation phase will actually tell us that. Now the way paid campaigns work, if you run them consistently, they get better over time. But if we are somewhere around three to 500 cost per meeting initially, we can be very very sure that you know with a decent ad spend of let's say 3 to 5K a month, you would be hitting those 20 plus leads consistently.  
00:18:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's where the predictability comes in and that allows you to then make decisions on do you want to hire, do you want to how you want to allocate time, what kind of resources you need, etc., etc. We'll give you all of that by the end of 12 weeks, right? And then we can have a conversation around is the pilot successful, if it is, what kind of investment you should be looking to make in order to scale to the point where you want to make, right? As part of the validation phase, we'll build the messaging and the ICP for well, we'll build the messaging and the landing pages for up to five personas for you as well. Okay? And then it's acceleration. It's business as usual. We can just do that um endlessly. Yeah.Dale Boehm: Okay, makes sense. What's the uh cost structure look like?Hassaan Ahmad: Um the cost is so for you guys um because we would do a lot of well typically it's priced at $3,000 per month, right? And I'm happy to do that for the first 3 months.  
00:19:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: After the first three months, we can go to well, we'll go to $5,000. And this is why. Let me share this with you. So phase one and two, which is going to run for three months. It's $3,000 plus, oh, we also charge 15% commission for everything that um we typically bring in. But for you guys, since you will be doing the qualification and the sales close, we can discuss the revenue share. So with $3,000, you're getting your top of the funnel revenue engine. We'll prove your offer. We'll validate the unit economics and we'll create thought leadership content for you. Right? So you can give us the topics. I can have them written for you. Um both long form as well as LinkedIn posts. we would ask you to put that on LinkedIn through your account and we can boost that and that is usually a better driver of traffic than just putting static creatives out. If that works and if we move from phase two to phase three, then we will do that for up to five personas.  
00:20:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: We'll give you up to 10 thought leadership pieces. We'll continuously monitor, optimize, manage everything. It's going to be completely hands off for you and all you'll be getting um is these authority lead pieces plus the uh plus the leadsDale Boehm: Okay.Michael Kiefer: So basically what you're talking about is a landing page in content creation is what is the KPI around leads.Hassaan Ahmad: and campaign management. That's a great question. The honest answer to that is we don't know yet. Right. And the reason we don't know yet is unless we have built the offer and we have built the um we've tested it in the market, it's hard to commit to a KPI. I can tell you what my cost of acquisition is based on the very simple offer that I have. So I spend about $70 to $100 to generate a lead for you because your offer is a bit more well it's a lot more technical. You can expect somewhere around 250 to 300, maybe slightly higher in the beginning for a lead, right?  
00:22:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: In the first couple of months when we will front the ad cost ourselves, we look to spend about $2,000 to $3,000 into the ads, right? And we would anticipate that we should be getting by the end of three months a cost per lead of 500 or less. If we have been able to get that by the end of three months, then we can be very very confident that by scaling the campaign and by increasing the ad budget to let's say $5,000, you will be getting about 300 or so or lower cost per lead. And that's going to be your KPI. Right up after that point, it's all about how much money you're spending because the numbers the the equations remain the same. Does that answer your question, Michael?Michael Kiefer: Well, so what you're saying is we'll get you three to five case studies.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Michael Kiefer: and put up a landing page for $9,000.Hassaan Ahmad: No, I'm saying I'll get you three to five case studies. I'll put up three to five landing pages. I will run your campaigns for the first three months.  
00:23:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: I will get you I expect between three and five leads between those three months maybe higher. Then three or five is based on the ad spend that I just talked about. We start getting results in the first month. You can you can decide to invest in those ads and then we will scale it. Right? What I will get you at the end of those three months, Michael, is very hard metrics on how much does it cost you to get a lead and acquire a customer. Okay, that is the KPI that I would hold myself accountable to.Michael Kiefer: When WhenHassaan Ahmad: There are many agencies, there are many agencies, Michael, who would promise you things like you know 20 meetings or you don't pay. The problem with those agencies is you never know the quality. You don't know who you're going to get into your calendar, if they're going to show up or not. For me, that's never been a problem.Michael Kiefer: next question, when the 15% commission exceeds the 5K, does 5K go away?  
00:24:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Uh well, I've not had that problem yet. That would be a very nice problem to have. And honestly, we could uh well, can we can if we decide to move forward, we can figure out some language to put in contracts that addresses it.Michael Kiefer: And do you have to references we can talk to in the Midwest?Hassaan Ahmad: I do not have references in the Midwest.Michael Kiefer: in America.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, no, I have a couple references in the US. Uh, sorry, in the UK, but this is a new offer, so the tooth is all I have. Um, I can have a conversation with them and see if they're willing to have a call.Michael Kiefer: Okay. Why don't we do that?Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Michael Kiefer: We want to make a decision by the end of the month. We're asking for two references. You're the uh third partner we're looking at and this is it. So, um it's new to us.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Michael Kiefer: We know we suck at marketing and social media.  
00:26:23
 Michael Kiefer: We know there's a problem and you know we're going to make a bet with one firm.Hassaan Ahmad: That's That's fair. My challenge with the timeline is that I've actually asked one of my uh one of those customers to be a reference for another client and he's just launched a product. So he said he's happy to be a reference but not till middle of September.Michael Kiefer: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So um if that's the timeline then you know that's the timeline. But what's going to derisk this for you right in the absence of a reference? What would help you make a decision?Michael Kiefer: Well, we would like to talk to a reference. I mean, I just figured out right now that we're we would be the first company in America to run with you guys, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Fair enough.Michael Kiefer: I mean, you're running ads in America. Are we the first people that ever responded? Are we your first lead?Hassaan Ahmad: You're not actually. So I am This is just a really new offers.  
00:27:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: We started running ads about 3 months ago, right? I've uh I've landed with five clients already in the UK. Um having a couple of conversations in the US. So look, it's just we're at the start of this journey. We've been doing this a long time, but through the software, it's the first time we're we're doing this.Michael Kiefer: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um Correct.Michael Kiefer: Well, I mean, let Dale and I talk and we'll come back to you. I mean, we appreciate the time. We learn a lot every time we talk to somebody. Uh we know we have a problem and uh you know we got to fix it. In America the kids are going back to school which means business is going back to work and we'd like to get started. You know, now that summer's ending, everybody's prettyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, how about this, Michael? Um, the other agencies or other partners that you're talking to, what's what's the offer? Are they just doing legion or are they doing thought leadership case studies etc as  
00:28:55
 Michael Kiefer: much the same. Landing pages, referrals, you know, it's like not what we say, it's what others say. uh you know one firm has call backs first you know first lead call backs for qualification you know you're all pretty much doing the same thing uh Dale you want to commentHassaan Ahmad: Oh, right off.Dale Boehm: No, I agree with what you just said.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, could we do the well, could we do the interviews, right? Give you one or two case studies, right? In the first month. So, you pay us the first month retainer, right? We do that. We show you what the ad creatives would look like. We show you what what campaign we would run. And after that we can make a call on do you want us to do it or do you want somebody else to do it.Michael Kiefer: Well, I'll tell you what. I'll let you know tomorrow on that. Let's huddle up.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Sounds good. Well, um that's that's it for me then. So I can u I can ping you tomorrow, Michael, if I haven't heard back. Is there anything else that you would like to know?  
Transcription ended after 00:30:36

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
