---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Nick/Hassaan - 1:1 – 2026/02/23 09:29 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-02-23T11:14:26.480Z
meeting_date: 2026-02-23T10:25:05.676Z
---


Nick/Hassaan - 1:1 - Transcript
00:00:00
 Nicholas Clarkson: Sorry, mate. Um, how you doing?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm good. How are you?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I'm all right. I'm uh I think I've run out of steam. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Run out of steam.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What happened?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh, oh no, just I get this where I I I sort of grind too hard and I can't get out of bed. It's classic classic burnout. It goes away after a while, but having young kids, it's quite hard to find the window. So, I'm all right. I'm all right.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Just plenty of coffee. How are you doing?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, sleepd deprived but not burnt out per se. That was kind of last week. This week's better. So, um, yeah, sleep is sleep is an issue. I don't know if I mentioned I was struggling with sleep. Uh, that's that's what it is. So, what are you doing about your burnout? Any plans to take some time off?  
00:01:41
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um I might try and take the odd day. I I often go and sit in the sauna which helps me. Um just go to bed earlier really. It's quite kind of simple. But the thing is when it hits me it's like you are flat as a pancake. I mean, you literally like I don't want to sit on my desk. I don't want to get out of bed. It's that it's it's just there's no gas in the tank.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh that stays forNicholas Clarkson: It it never it never stays that long.Hassaan Ahmad: now.Nicholas Clarkson: But I've had I've definitely had it four or five times since I started fusable where I just, you know, cuz it's just go from whatever. So we got all the kids. I drop the kids off then then after school activities and bedtime and then tidying the house and then the weekends are just as hard and then I work in amongst it and it's just this is on all the time all the time and it's you know it's stressful cuz you know it's an existential baby of yours.  
00:02:45
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you want to take the time like I'm happy to reschedu this and uh speakNicholas Clarkson: No, no, no, no, no. It's all good. Honestly, it's all good.Hassaan Ahmad: atNicholas Clarkson: It's generally it's just getting up in the morning and you just got to crack on. Like it's, youHassaan Ahmad: I read this analogy the other day.Nicholas Clarkson: know,Hassaan Ahmad: Um, have you heard of the four burners analogy? Four burners of life or whatever. So, imagine a cooking hob with four gas burners. One of them is your work, the other is your health, the third is your family, and the fourth is your friends.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And the analogy states that if you have all four burners on, you're going to run out of gas really quickly and you wouldn't be able to cook anything because the pressure across all of them is going to be really low, right? You would never get the heat that would allow you to excel at truly excel at any of those.  
00:03:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: So you've got to make a compromise, right? So one or the other thing has to give. You've got to turn one of the burners or two of the burners low. Prioritize the other two and then switch. That's what you've got to do because it sounds like what you're doing and what I have been trying to do is be present everywhere. So with my kid, you know, be present in his activities, do the weekend activities and so forth. Also give my 100% to work. Try to be social. Man, there's only 24 hours in the day, right? You've got only so much energy.Nicholas Clarkson: there.Hassaan Ahmad: So, pick a couple of burners, burn those fires, turn the other ones slow a littleNicholas Clarkson: The thing is I sort of do that. Um like I I don't drink.Hassaan Ahmad: bit.Nicholas Clarkson: I don't um I don't really I say no to everything so socially. I don't I used to play a lot of golf. I don't do that anymore.  
00:04:44
 Nicholas Clarkson: Maybe that's part of the problem is I don't you know find time to sometimes you you know you go meet up with a friend even if it's just a small thing. It's like that actually energizes you.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: But the opposite is so you go to some event and it's like you're just mingling,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: right? That's just like I know that's a power suck for me. It's like you get invited to some parents party on a Saturday. No, you know it's I just actually know maybe that's about it depend depends right but there are good social gatherings actually give you energy like this is theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: whole thing about loneliness right sometimes that social glue where it's particularly it's meaningful actually has the opposite effect to what you thinkHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: um I don't know it's I think it's also takes a tough period of life generally you know like you're fairly early in that stage, but it's like life just gets much harder really really quickly and the more children you have and if you're doing an  
00:05:48
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: entrepreneurial journey, it's like and you you got I don't know aging parents and your so your socialHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: circles you say evaporating a little bit but you know all of a sudden there's a decade where life gets a lot harder and you're You got to adjust to it,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. But think of it as do you hike or do you like If if you hike sometimes when youNicholas Clarkson: right?Hassaan Ahmad: have switchbacks, you come across a switchback that gets really harder and gets really steep. But every step that you take and if you persuade through that, you gain altitude much higher, right? All of a sudden, you know, you're 10 steps in and you turn around and the view is completely different. You know, you're so much higher and you get that feeling of, you know what, I've done something. That hard climb was worth it, man. It's going to be worth it for you and for me as well. You've just got to put one step after the other and keep keep climbing.  
00:06:56
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, completely it does it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I still think it's weather as well. Like the weather's been so crap, man. So hopefully once it opens up,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we get some sunshine, you can get out on the green and uh feel better a little bit.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I think that's right. And you're right, like it's weird. You go on this journey when you find something more purposeful. Um, it actually changes you personally as well, like in a good way. Like it's funny how all the the noise like there's I you know I don'tHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: know you worry about what other people think or whatever it is like you know passive aggression here and there and it's like when you're doing a hard thing you just like why I don't care I don't literally don't care and in a way it's like you or you find yourself in a in what you found a challengingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: situation and then you're now presented in that challenging situation again you actually this is really easy.  
00:07:55
 Nicholas Clarkson: Like it's not not hard anymore.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um so yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: that growth you don't you don't realize the growth is just constant cuz it's like you're at your edge.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: How um how's how's your how's remote hereHassaan Ahmad: Uh, so far so good.Nicholas Clarkson: going?Hassaan Ahmad: Um, we we're messing around with a couple of ideas. We've reached a point where the volume is it's good, but I don't like it too much because I'm used to operating at a certain level, right? injecting a certain amount of value into everything that I do and the volume is getting to a point where it's like well either I've got to set the right expectations at the beginning right and tier it but I'll but also reduce the cost and reduce the price that I'm charging but then so so it's balancing that quantity versus quantity of course I want to have lots of clients, right, who are paying me whatever they're paying me, right? But I want to do good across the board.  
00:09:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, I was actually just playing around with some pricing just now. Um, would love your take on it if you if you want to give me five minutes, but to tell you how I'm thinking about it. Um, but another thing that we're testing now, which is actually proving more interesting for a lot of people is packaging the whole thing. So, I think part of that came from my conversations with you and some of the other clients that I've got where we could do everything up to the point of getting you a meeting with somebody quite senior. But then you might go and not be able to convert that meeting into an opportunity and take that forward simply because the skill gap is too wide. Right? And in the initial stages, it doesn't make sense for you to have, or maybe it does, but you just can't afford it to have a specialist seller, right, who you're paying hundreds of KS a year who has the skill set to then work through that opportunity. Um, and that's that's something that a lot of founders that I'm speaking with are finding themselves in, right?  
00:10:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: So what I'm testing now is okay the volume is not going to be that much in the beginning right at most it's going to be one to two maybe three meetings a week so what if I layer my own time in there right in the in the beginning get them to a point where they're past 10kr and then that gives them a base to either get a full-time seller in or you know we can have that conversation with them. So for me it's a way to really upsell a seller into the account but it's really that first gap where the messaging messaging is unproven. The process is not not well known. The buyer mentality is something that you know a seller for example a founder is not too familiar with and so the offer looks something like I'll do everything thatNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing for you right now plus I layer three to five hours of my time every month sorry every week I'm going to be in the meetings that I booked for you right so theNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.  
00:11:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: founder and me we're going to do that meeting together. The found is there as a technical subject matter expert.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I handle the entire process, the sales process. Right? So I run that, get it to a point where we've qualified the lead. We put it as an opportunity. We've got some very concrete next steps. The founder and their team will still do the heavy lifting of the onboarding of preparing for the demos and so forth. As far as running the process and running the sales concerned, I'm going to do that. Um, so far the initial traction is really good, man. Like people are like, "Okay, this is what I was missing. Where I'm running into problems with is the cost side of it. So I'm started off with $64.99. That was a bit too expensive. Now I'm trying. So, I'm I'm playing between $34.99 and $54.99 a month to see, you know, where that sweet spot is that would allow me to get some volume in. Um, but yeah, that's that's where I'm at.  
00:12:33
 Nicholas Clarkson: 54 five.Hassaan Ahmad: $5499 a pound.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. Yeah. I guess it depends on their stage, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's not the only thing. So what that 5499 entails then is the entire suite, right? So it's not just my time. What I'm also then doing is I'm putting some energy behind creating white papers or some original content, right? So all of the stuff that builds that c that category ownership as I'm calling it establishes you as the authority in that domain. So I was actually going to take you through a couple of the assets that I built for my login.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you remember my login? I think you asked for for me for them.Nicholas Clarkson: Oh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So what I'm working with my login is um we found a new angle. We tested it. We found that the market just wasn't ready like market was in that unaware phase where you needed to bring them along the journey.  
00:13:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: So what we're doing now is we're creating a white paper an assessment that has never been done before. um some infographics that's going to serve as the top of funnel to really show that we've thought through that problem. We've got the solution. So there's a critical risk.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We've got the solution that can we've got a way to assess that risk for any organization and then we've got a way to mitigate that risk as well. So the hope is that entire suite is going to then also become part of the $54.99 offer or whatever that cost is. So essentially the founder, you might have seen my new page, the founder then just has to ship, right? I'll take them to their first 10kmr and then they can decide what they want to do with it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I see the challenge is your time though. ThisHassaan Ahmad: But I only need so if that scalesNicholas Clarkson: isHassaan Ahmad: every I break even at every two clients, right? So I can onboard a new seller like a really good seller who is as capable or better than me.  
00:14:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: We we really need somebody with 10 to 15 years of experience, right? you've got to pay them about 180k per per year base. So you break even at two to three clients per year. And if you're doing five clients or five hours per client, then you theoretically have the capacity to do five of them, right? So that's the math. Good work.Nicholas Clarkson: You got it, man. Yeah, you got it. And yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: and I'm sure you'll systemize all of that, right? It's like how you build a white paper, you know, what currently takes couple of hours or 3 hours.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the only way I can doNicholas Clarkson: It can be done in uh whatever half an hour because you you've got yourHassaan Ahmad: it.Nicholas Clarkson: own system,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: right?Hassaan Ahmad: producing content isn't hard. Um, it's just making sure that it meets that quality gates and so forth. Let me show you actually. So this is for my one login.  
00:15:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: What we started working with was so just to give you some context, my one login is a identity access manager, right? They do,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: for lack of a better word, they're a password manager.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: They octa and your Microsoft credentials and whatever.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: This was their website. So we had quite a bit of success with the first thing that we did for them. Then we wanted to do a second thing and that was based on you know how Donald Trump was like I want Greenland and I'm going to put sanctions on everybody and blah blah blah. We're like, well, that's creating a wedge where we've got to go in and target the Nordic market with the sovereignity player where we can just say, hey,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: everything that your computer that your entire organization runs on is owned by the US most likely, right? Your entire tech stack is owned by the US. And there's a strategic exposure there because if Donald Trump wants he  
00:16:56
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: can order anybody to shut you down in an instant, right? That's a critical risk.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So we ran with that play um in the same way, you know, we got we talked through data with you. The data showed us that the interest was there but the conversion wasn't happening. So what we pivoted to then is this white paper which talks about the entire risk. So what the regulatory operational strategic precedent risk is and so forth and you can see that it's quite detailed a standalone assessment. So how do you as an organization and leader see how exposed you are to it? And then there is an infographic as well somewhere this one. Um so this serves as your top of funnel play and you can see um so that's just a way of bringing people from that unaware stage to a point where they take a meeting go from there. Um, took me a while to do it the first time, but I think every iteration that I do is going to be faster.  
00:18:17
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, nice.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Those guys have got to watch out for I don't know if you've seen what's going on with quantum quantum computing. But quantum computing is going to be able to get through any password gateway within probably two three years maximum which means the whole it's it's going to it's going to be the the winners are the ones that haveHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: adopted quantum and found a pathway. This is a whole new world. This is on top of AI.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: It it it I I mean I I dare not guess what the future looks like in 20 years. If you've got quantum computing and and AGIHassaan Ahmad: Matrix.Nicholas Clarkson: combined.Hassaan Ahmad: They're going to be harvesting us for energy. That's what's going toNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: happen.Nicholas Clarkson: Look, quantum is like it can go down a million rabbit holes at the same time. Um which is obviously password management is a encryption,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: old encryption is uh anyway, I mean that's it's not one for right now, right?  
00:19:26
 Nicholas Clarkson: But umHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Happening faster than we know it, man.Nicholas Clarkson: uh should we go through your uh sorry I didn't get I ran out ofHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: gusto.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So,Hassaan Ahmad: LetNicholas Clarkson: I know you're saying like uh yeah, I mean I I want to hear you,Hassaan Ahmad: meNicholas Clarkson: but um I know Roy's ads are doing well, right? But do Roy's ads really trigger a call to action? You know, if there's one thing watching something, there's another thing whether that means I'm going to buy something. Whereas mine might be lower, but okay, I've clicked on it because I might actually buy it. So, you know, you can you can get false sense of security with metrics because in the end,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: Nick only cares about whether I converted somebody to a customer or not.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: And you know, we have we're going to have to have a conversation anyway about like beyond this month, we might have to put a pause, but like our ad spend is just not it's not worked, has it?  
00:20:41
 Nicholas Clarkson: I know there's been a lot of good stuff, but and it's hard not to crack, but yeah, what can we do? I mean, I'll stop talking. I'll let you talk, butHassaan Ahmad: All right. Um, so to answer your first question on your resources for these see my screen.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So this was here. These are two things that Roland has put forward. Yeah. What Roly did was the videos that I gave him.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: This is the spent across the board so far. Yours, which was the company um video. Sorry, the platform video that drove 67 engagements. Rol instead 708 in the best one and 96 in the worstNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: one. Now, in terms of who gained what, you gained one follower, Roland gained nine through the work that he was done. Your post drove two clicks to the landing page. Rolandstead 39. Yeah. So,Nicholas Clarkson: to the landing p.Hassaan Ahmad: hands down the landing page is your your  
00:22:10
 Nicholas Clarkson: What's the landing page?Hassaan Ahmad: website. Landing page is whatever we're directing it to, right? Which currently is fusible.com.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. Wow. Okay. That reallyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: isHassaan Ahmad: So, the verdict is it's got to be personal. It's got to be your face. The more of that you do, the better it is going to be. And you can look at the results cost per result as well. Like Roland is coming in at sub two, right? Yours is 4.67. People are stopping on the ad for the same time almost. So between four and five or six seconds. But in that five and a half seconds, 39 people made the decision to go check you out. Two made it after looking at this one.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So as we have been saying, you've got to put your face out. You've got to put more content out. The more content you do, the better this tracks, right?  
00:23:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um that's just what LinkedIn does. There is no other way of hacking it, right? And LinkedIn has determined that whatever is more personal will get more traction,Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Nicholas Clarkson: I mean that that data is completely clear. What? Um, I thought these were a dollar though. What's What wasn't this the whole thing? If you do a personal post and then boost it, it's always a dollar,Hassaan Ahmad: It's no. So, it's not always a dollar.Nicholas Clarkson: notHassaan Ahmad: It can be. It gets very close to the dollar mark, right? So, it's not that you're paying per boost.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: You're telling LinkedIn that, hey, this is my budget. I'm going to spend $40 a day. Get me the most.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So you're maximizing or you're optimizing for an event which in this case is get me the most people engaging with this because the thesis is people come they look atNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: it they see value in it and then naturally they go to the landing page.  
00:24:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: That's what it is. The more interesting the content the lower that value isNicholas Clarkson: So,Hassaan Ahmad: right.Nicholas Clarkson: as Roland posted his just on his profile andHassaan Ahmad: Yep.Nicholas Clarkson: youHassaan Ahmad: that that was his post. So, it's the text that I wrote for him. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: the video that I clipped, that's it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: 78 people, they clicked on it, they looked at it. 39 of those went to the your landing page. Seven of those decided to follow him. So yeah, now imagine if we scale it, right? If we do two of these a week, what does that do? RightNicholas Clarkson: and the other one below it. You uh was similar, wasHassaan Ahmad: now,Nicholas Clarkson: it?Hassaan Ahmad: so that was a bit low, but again, the spend on that was low. And what happens is LinkedIn finds one that people really like, and then it just says, "All right, this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to push this one forward and then I  
00:25:38
 Nicholas Clarkson: the the bottom ones actually perform better.Hassaan Ahmad: pushNicholas Clarkson: Clickthrough rate 1.74. Oh, no. Oh, no. No.Hassaan Ahmad: both have done better you both both of his have doneNicholas Clarkson: Sorry. I'm comparing my one with his. You're right. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: better than you again because personal but his hasNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: done four times better than yours. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Wow.Hassaan Ahmad: And look, if you remember what we did, I wrote the text. I the video.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: All he had to do was post it, right? It's the same thing I asked you to do,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: by the way.Nicholas Clarkson: Well,Hassaan Ahmad: So,Nicholas Clarkson: that the the thicker thing is I didn't need to be in the way there.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah, but look,Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: it's so much more powerful coming from the founder themselves, right? It's just so much more powerful.Nicholas Clarkson: all right. Well, let's do that.  
00:26:37
 Nicholas Clarkson: I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: the the data'sHassaan Ahmad: the data is in. And I can actually show you something else.Nicholas Clarkson: inHassaan Ahmad: So, I'm doing a lot of posting by myself and I haven't boosted anything yet. But look at this. Over the past seven days, without spending any money, I have 5,000 impressions on my posts, right? Over the past, that's just the seven days,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: 5,000 people have looked at what I had to say. Now, some of that is a function of how many followers I have and how many people I'm connected to,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: but also one of my posts where I was saying something which was really interesting, 2,000 post, right? 10 people have engaged with it. Once I boost it, I would be able to see how many people follow through from this post to my landing page, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Right now I'm just stacking the post so that I can get the data behind which one I want to post.  
00:27:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Again, if you unconstrain us, we give you the text, you just put it, this is the kind of result that you can see, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And we only boost the ones that are already getting traction so that we know that LinkedIn already likes it. people already like it. You've got the data, so you've got engagement, you've got impressions. Then when we put the money behind it, it just goes, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: That's when you get the most bang for your buck. Um, you can also see some data from it. So I again, I haven't spent any money on this, but over the last seven days, 467 people came through to my website. 467 people through those posts because I'm not doing any advertising right now,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: right? It's just that. So, this is how you make your money go faster. And again, if you remember, I write the post. I give you what to post. You just have to put it on.  
00:28:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's it. None of these, by the way, has any image with them. These are all text. So, you don't even have to put text there. You just have to say something that's interesting, that is structured in a way that gets people to stop scrolling. Right? Now, again, if you look at the post, this is what anybody sees, right? They see these one and a half lines. You've got to say something that is a scroll stopper, as I like to call it. In that time, once you say it, people click here. The moment somebody clicks on that button, LinkedIn knows, LinkedIn tracks that and LinkedIn says, "All right, well, this is interesting. Now, this is an engagement. People read it if you have a call to action or you can add a call to action. People click on it. People see this visit my website and that's how this layers on. Make sense?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I mean, yeah, to follow the data. I mean, I posted in groups, so we get 5 10,000 impressions, but I wouldn't necessarily compare which ones were working.  
00:29:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: All right, so I think let's What budget do we have left? How muchHassaan Ahmad: I think about it should be 1300ish 12 to300. Let me check. Yeah, I haven't been built yet. Um, so the last I can see is 1,400, but imagine a bill is coming soon. Um, so let's say between 12 and $1,300.Nicholas Clarkson: But which sorry this is for which month?Hassaan Ahmad: This is for the month that has passed.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. All right. So let's use that. I'll do another I guess something like your middle one. We can tweak it slightly if you want. And I can just hope. You say, "Nick, post this and I'll post it."Hassaan Ahmad: But you have to post it exactly like we ask you. Okay,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: that's the thing. So,Nicholas Clarkson: sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Nick, if you want this to work, you've got to get out of our way, man.Nicholas Clarkson: AllHassaan Ahmad: Right?  
00:30:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: There's there's no easy way of saying it.Nicholas Clarkson: right.Hassaan Ahmad: You've got to let us do this because the data is there, right? Roly did exactly what I asked him to do. He didn't change one thing.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The data is there. I'm doing that for myself. Data isNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. No, listen. I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: there.Nicholas Clarkson: sure, I've been getting in the way, but I did also say get let's get Roelly to post it so I get out of the way, right? And you say it's more effective with you. Well, you've shown me the data to prove it's true and soHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. So,Nicholas Clarkson: sure.Hassaan Ahmad: let's do that. Um, do this month. I will send you I can give you five to 10 things to just schedule and then you let it run. You know how to schedule them?Nicholas Clarkson: Can I just do one post like your middle one and boost it?  
00:31:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, it's you.Nicholas Clarkson: I might I'm honestly I'm this part of I'm burnt out because IHassaan Ahmad: Oh,Nicholas Clarkson: just Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: you want to do the same post but from yourNicholas Clarkson: we can cut another cut another I don't know pick a key area where you know I IHassaan Ahmad: profile?Nicholas Clarkson: I nail the fact that it's those functions all dealing with the same issue.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: It's just like that's bang for the buck because I can do that in 10 minutes. I'm just I'm just, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I'm going to miss getting R&D credits if I don't do something this week. You know, is this everything's important? And it's like just find the time,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: but the problem is it's at the expense of something else, which is also critical. And that's that's the problem.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: But if you say look this this worked whatever one two post but if that one worked just boost boost something like that and I'll do it maybe the wording  
00:32:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: is a little bit differentHassaan Ahmad: So, so one thing that happens, Nick,Nicholas Clarkson: butHassaan Ahmad: there is the um there's content fatigue as well. And what starts happening is so you've got impressions not today. Let's go to 20th. So, you've got, you see this, right? We've been boosting it for a while, but sometimes it just takes off, right? What ends up happening is it reaches a point where it starts plateauing.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: What we don't want to do is put a different version of the same video or something that looks very similar to the algorithm because this is the algorithm deciding what it's going to push to people how much. We want to give it variety so that it goes and tests. And best case scenario is you have two formats and two posts that are equallyNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: performing really well. So that are working together to drive traffic, right? Worst case scenario is something doesn't work, we just kill it. Like in this case, I'm inclined to kill this one because actually I'm just going to kill this one because it doesn't work.  
00:34:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, let me take this away. I'll give you a couple of options, right? Put both in and then we see where weNicholas Clarkson: Oh, will it? It means it's smart enough to know.Hassaan Ahmad: go.Nicholas Clarkson: So, there's a slightly different wording. Maybe it's the same video excerpt.Hassaan Ahmad: The algo is too good.Nicholas Clarkson: MaybeHassaan Ahmad: Algo is too good.Nicholas Clarkson: it'sHassaan Ahmad: And I can prove it to you. The algo is so freaking good that I have. It's so one week ago I put your prospect doesn't care about your product. 452 impressions. Somewhere here should be another one very similar. Nobody cares about your prospect. 20 impressions, right? The algo is really good at picking things up. If things look similar, it just kills it. So, I would let me take that away, right? I'll give you something which we have conviction on working and just want you to put that on.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay, that third post looks like you're talking about  
00:35:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: me.Hassaan Ahmad: No, so this actually this is this is me getting ready. So, I'm going to boost this post like this week to start driving more traffic to it now that I've tested it. So, I came up with the offer which we just talked about in the beginning of the call. The offer is the the interesting thing is you saw yourself in it which means that it's going to resonate with a lot of technical founders. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and if it does and they see it, I'm very likely to get a click and then somebody's going to be like, hm, I want to take a look at it. And that's where you get to my website. That's it. That's the entire game, man.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean they they founders want to hear truths, right? And uh I think I think there is a truth in that in a sense. It's like this is the irony, right? I think you're you're stuck in this situation where you get someone like me, right, who can build a a really beautiful product.  
00:36:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: I am emotionally attached to the product and raising capital is slightly different, right? because you you know this is my vision buying or or don't like selling is converting it's it is different fundamentally it might people might think it's the same it's not but yeah when it you you get another type of founder right who's just all out sales and you know but they're not product and so they can probably sell an inferior product but they can't build a winning product and so like I think you probably find people falling into one of two camps,Hassaan Ahmad: AllNicholas Clarkson: right? They're they're a saleserson that can sell snow to Eskimos or they're a product person who couldHassaan Ahmad: right.Nicholas Clarkson: build something awesome, right? And there in lies the gap is that both need help. Uh but and I'd argue I'm in a better position, right? Because the product the the design choices will mean that it could sell better if we had that right skill set. But if you've already started off on a journey with an inferior product, it's very hard to rework it, right?  
00:37:52
 Nicholas Clarkson: But I think I think that is kind of the reality that you face. It's like everyone's got a gap in their skill set. A founder is probably falling into one of two camps. They're very unlikely to be all of those things. Um unless they happen to have I don't know if you've done it before, then it's different, right? Because you can you got a reputation, you can raise money, you can hire loads of people. All of a sudden the game is different. But firsttime founders that will fall into one or two camps and it's like you're going to be lacking something critical and uh that there in is you know I I I felt like that speaks to me because I feel that's true. I I almost don't want to be in the sales process because this is my baby and a sales call means so much to me whereas to Barack or Roland,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, great but to me it means tooHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, absolutely. And and you know what,  
00:38:46
 Nicholas Clarkson: much.Hassaan Ahmad: you've you've touched on a really good point there that if you are strong, if you're starting from a position of strength with a strong product, you're in a much better position once you get the system and the process right. But it's getting to that point which is the trickiest part now. And and it's a mindset thing. It's it's a skill set problem,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but it's also a mindset problem as well. In sales, when when I was getting hired and when I was hiring people, one of the things that we look for, the main thing that we look for is tenacity, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We're looking for somebody who can get shoved back a 100 times and come forward 101 times again, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Hey.Hassaan Ahmad: And that's I think as a founder that's really hard to do because you can't help but take each rejection personally. you know, if somebody's not paying attention to you, if somebody doesn't respond to a feature that you built and you had high conviction in,  
00:39:56
 Nicholas Clarkson: What's theHassaan Ahmad: it's hard to not take that personally. Whereas for forNicholas Clarkson: Well, you almost I'm not even sure it's that I think like you want it so badly like I don'tHassaan Ahmad: aNicholas Clarkson: I can take the rejection but like I I know what that means if that converts and I that my emotional attachment to it come comes across andHassaan Ahmad: Yep.Nicholas Clarkson: uh I I mean the other thing is like people are saying just you know just learn to do sales and it's like if I have more time. I probably I probably could, right? But the reality is like like I'm sometimes showing up on a call and I don't even want to be there. Like I'm I'm so tired that and I'm not a person that can like, you know, it's like I just I'm not that's kind of my my asset and my flaw.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Like I cannot show up and pretend to be anything other than myself, right? And I think it's that that this is one thing I always say when you have a conversation with a founder if you really want to like resonate with them like ask them like how busy they are like overwhelmed like what you know are you completely you go in and out of burnout because it's very often it's like if they just had 20 hours a week to do sales and they had the energy they could probably do it but I'm just always on the back foot and so I don't even  
00:41:16
 Nicholas Clarkson: have the energy and then I'm emotionally attached as well as that, right? That's the it's kind of that it's like I would love to do all those things,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: but it's all about the opportunity cost of time and it's like you end up Yeah, that'sHassaan Ahmad: And and honestly, you've got value.Nicholas Clarkson: theHassaan Ahmad: So sales meeting benefits from you in it when you're not the one selling. The reason why I say that is because the buyer's mindset is buyers are weird, man. Right? So when you come in and you start selling to the buyer, it sends a different vibe as opposed to when a seller starts the call and says, "Hey,Nicholas Clarkson: H.Hassaan Ahmad: really pleased that my founder has been able to come to the call with me, right? He's going to talk a bit about why he set this up. Then I'm going to take you through it,Nicholas Clarkson: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Nicholas Clarkson: And this is where I Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Your role all of a sudden is so elevated, right?  
00:42:19
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And that's that's whyNicholas Clarkson: Exact 100%. This is this and this is where I I you know I come to light.Hassaan Ahmad: different.Nicholas Clarkson: It's like let me let me go back to first principles. why we built it and why this might serve your world effectively,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: right? And you know, people start nodding nodding along. You know, it's like topping and tail. It's like, well, I'm going to be here. I'm going to sponsor the arrangement. I'll make sure we give you, you know, red carpet treatment and what,Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Nicholas Clarkson: but I'm not I'm not in the sales process at all. It's just I'm here reassurance that you're going to be looked after, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: And and you know, if they want to hear about the vision, then it's like, oh, even the founder jump. And it's that I stop there. That's where I want to get to. I'm happy to do all of that and I shine in that sense because it this is why I can raise money because I talk about the  
00:43:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: vision, the product, you know, and evangelizing, you know, being able to explain problems they probably have and they get them nodding along, but that's it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: And then it's like,Hassaan Ahmad: exactly.Nicholas Clarkson: I'll leave you to the sales guys to look after you, butHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah. You get to that point and that's when you're you're actually being a net value ad to the meeting,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? Because the person's like, "Right, well, I feel special because the founder showed up,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but really understand where the product is headed. I like the guy, you know, I'm gonna subconsciously I'm going to go with him." And now I know what theNicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: process is. So this guy said and he's committed that he's going to sponsor this. So I'm going to get really good treatment from these guys and now this is a sales guy. I'm just going to do my thing with it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.  
00:43:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: You become a point of escalation for them rather than the mainNicholas Clarkson: That's it.Hassaan Ahmad: guy.Nicholas Clarkson: It's got to feel like there's support levels, right? So, and then and even on top of me, I go, "Well, look, actually, you know, our exec committee, well, this will have executive sponsorship as well." And it's just like, well, this there's operational, strategic,Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: and executive support. And then Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's it's a difference, man.Nicholas Clarkson: And thatHassaan Ahmad: It's sales is half process and half psychology. Or actually, I think enterprise sales is more psychology, half less than half process. You play the psychology right, you've got to you play the psychology right, and that's what gives you a shot at success. Because the problem isn't that you don't know it. The problem is the person who's in a conversation with you, if they're serious, they're probably looking at two or three different vendors, right? Somebody's coming and they're doing the dance better than you.Nicholas Clarkson: That's it. And also, I mean, one of my investors nailed it the other day.  
00:44:54
 Nicholas Clarkson: He was like um we can wrap up after this but he was like you know buyers in enterprise software they're like they're like it's the herd effect you know they go who's the market incumbent let's go with the you know they they wait for everybody else to move and it's like it's not because it's better it's just because it'sHassaan Ahmad: It'sNicholas Clarkson: like the known name right yeah and right now we we just want to pick upHassaan Ahmad: the lower risk option.Nicholas Clarkson: those early adopters you know the ones that are kind of innovators that will you know speak well of our company and eventually once we start to have that you know then the herd will follow and they go oh the fusible no look this is one of the new but it's like everybody behaves like sheep it's true like you know stock markets go up and down everything rises and fallsHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: even though there's good stuff in amongst the portfolio it's just like you know people ingest the news and believe everything you know it's like and some of us aren't like that I'm not like that But and that's why my frustration is just like everyone's like,  
00:45:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: "Oh, did you know that, you know, do you know what I mean? It's a bit gormless, like there's no thought process.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: They just they they take everything at face value and you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I hear you, man. I hearNicholas Clarkson: CRM, let's go with HubSpot,Hassaan Ahmad: you.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, cuz cuz I know HubSpot.Hassaan Ahmad: Not bad.Nicholas Clarkson: It's like haveHassaan Ahmad: So, so my my CRO at my previous firm used to say, "Nobody ever got fired for going with Oracle and that one sentence hides so much wisdom in it." Right? Put yourself in the shoe of a CFO underwriting or a CIO underwriting a the largest dealNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I've seen is $100 million. So, imagine writing a $100 million commitment. Who would you write that with? AWS, man. Nobrainer. I don't know some company in some garage somewhere you would never even if they had the better technology. Why? Because it's risk assurance.  
00:47:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: You don't want to guy who put who bet big bucks on an unprovenNicholas Clarkson: exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: quantity.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's justNicholas Clarkson: There in lies our fundamental problem right now.Hassaan Ahmad: whatNicholas Clarkson: It's like we just we need to pick off those whatever those mid-marketHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: companies that are keen for a deal that's good enough and you know it also also can maybe see the changing landscape and how this is actually that's what we went with at like I know I can see the future of CRM through this tool and it's not HubSpot like but it's different because I'm in a startup I don't care aboutHassaan Ahmad: IsNicholas Clarkson: that but you're people reputational protection in corporate world people are it's about role preservation and you know it's like they're notHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: risktakers.Hassaan Ahmad: Nick, um, one last thing. Do you have a couple of minutes? I really quickly want to see something and then Can you pull up your LinkedIn?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.  
00:48:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Share the screen with me,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: please. Um, go to your home. So, home page. So, click on the home button at the top. Yeah. At the top um right side of the search bar. Yeah. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: thatHassaan Ahmad: Click on post impressions. Click on audience at the top. Okay. So, you've got 54 56. Um scroll down please. Scroll down. Show all. Okay. Um 8.9 CF4 councils founders legal director chief executive. Okay, that's good. Um scroll down. Scroll down. Financial IT business consulting. Can you um control P and send this page to me? So whatever post we write is going to because this is your current audience base has resonated with them. Once it gets a couple of engagements,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: a couple of clicks, likes from these guys, LinkedIn starts liking it, right? So the algorithm starts weighing you a bit more, it expands the reach and so forth.  
00:49:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: So that's the thing.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: Just send that across to me and then we'll get toNicholas Clarkson: I see you you upskilling on LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: work.Nicholas Clarkson: I think you you're I mean but like around ad spend and stuff. You've done you've died like I need to understand this as well as the guy that does this all day long.Hassaan Ahmad: better better than that was that was my think.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So in November I decided I was like I'm not nobody's going to be able to push me around when it comes to LinkedIn.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I need to be literally the smartest guy in the room stuff.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, man, that was such an unlock.Nicholas Clarkson: Mate, I I support and endorse that fully.Hassaan Ahmad: Like,Nicholas Clarkson: I think that's a very smart maneuver and good to see. Um Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: good stuff,Nicholas Clarkson: All right. Cool. Well, let's um we still got some time,Hassaan Ahmad: man.  
00:50:31
 Nicholas Clarkson: right? Like one way or the other, I I still see us working together, you know, you can use bar brand for whatever you want. You know, we will be going into a funding round, which is might be a time where we have to take a pause. But if you know,Hassaan Ahmad: What?Nicholas Clarkson: if something good happens in the next month or so, like, you know, let's have another conversation. But either way, even though I take a pause, you know, when we we get capital again, we're going to be back in back in the game. So, and you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: we had discussion around like I need a CRO, right? You know, there's a there's a lot of conversations for us to explore. So, I think we umHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Hey, um good stuff,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: man. Just uh keep putting the stuff we ask you to put on. And my goal personally is to give you maximum screen time when you hit that funding round.  
00:51:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? That's literally all I'm optimizing for right now because realistically any cycle that youNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: start right now will not close within two months. Right? That's quite realistic I think in terms of the assumptionNicholas Clarkson: I don't know the mid the midm market we can we can clo we can close in aHassaan Ahmad: I have. Yes. But then you've got the budget years financial years have just ended.Nicholas Clarkson: month.Hassaan Ahmad: budgets just starting the whole AI play and so forth. So all that stuff is there, right? I would count that as an exception rather than the rule. So but but what works really well is when you can go with a story of hey look at who's giving us attention.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Look at who's clicking on our stuff.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Look at who's listening to the story right now is the resource to goNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Look at our pipeline.Hassaan Ahmad: and tackle that immediately.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And that's what this money is going to be used for.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Yeah.  
Transcription ended after 00:52:57

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
