---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Remotir Strategy Session – 2026/03/24 13:00 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-24T14:14:34.600Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-24T14:12:58.108Z
---


Remotir Strategy Session - Transcript
00:00:00
 Adeel Khan: Yeah, man. Long time. Yeah, man.Hassaan Ahmad: Boy,Adeel Khan: Why?Adnan Khan: back.Hassaan Ahmad: guess.Adnan Khan: I'm good, man.Adeel Khan: Go now.Adnan Khan: Better, bro. Better.Adeel Khan: meetingAdnan Khan: better.Adeel Khan: wasHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: That was a joke, by the way. It's justHassaan Ahmad: Preferred sports. Preferred sports.Adnan Khan: Yeah. So for now, let's see how unless she becomes theHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: favorite.Hassaan Ahmad: Football manager login details etc. I was like I booked it for 1 p.m. now and obviously I forgotten. Now he's calling me.Adnan Khan: Yeah, bro. Go talk toHassaan Ahmad: Adil, I assume you have had these callsAdnan Khan: him.Adeel Khan: Yeah, they are absolute dogHassaan Ahmad: before.Adeel Khan: s***. Max delivery. They don't really give a s*** about you.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I have a fewAdeel Khan: Google was like, "You guys need better emailingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: skills.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.  
00:03:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: Skip, skip, bro.Adnan Khan: skip.Hassaan Ahmad: Whom I trust more than those f******?Adeel Khan: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: It's likeAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: 20 $12. You have You're playing in the sameAdeel Khan: Did you make money?Hassaan Ahmad: 80.95. That's a per month. Per month.Adnan Khan: I mean so far this monthHassaan Ahmad: Oh.Adnan Khan: apparently apparently it was doing 1% of my portfolio dummy account. So this is what it does. It looks at theHassaan Ahmad: This is so nice,Adnan Khan: zcore.Hassaan Ahmad: huh? Okay.Adnan Khan: I'm just watchingHassaan Ahmad: Nice, man.Adnan Khan: and I forgot about it and I checked it this morning.Hassaan Ahmad: Arcade sayAdnan Khan: Arcade, bro. It's an arcade for bots.Hassaan Ahmad: bro.Adnan Khan: I'm going to introduce new bots. You need to build a framework for me where I can add all these things.Hassaan Ahmad: Nice.Adnan Khan: Let's see, bro.Hassaan Ahmad: Good stuff, man. GoodAdnan Khan: Hey,Hassaan Ahmad: stuff.Adnan Khan: bro.  
00:05:21
 Adnan Khan: I like this was this was a task that I was just doing. So, I didn't have time to mess with that, but I want to do that today.Hassaan Ahmad: Thank you.Adnan Khan: Part of it is setting that foundation.Hassaan Ahmad: Bye-bye.Adnan Khan: Every bot is isolated. So, it's not one system. You're testing like five systems. ButHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: anyway,Hassaan Ahmad: One person making the flyAdnan Khan: marketHassaan Ahmad: wheel.Adeel Khan: No,Adnan Khan: Broch.Adeel Khan: there is this prime example. You I forgot who it is.Adnan Khan: I forgot to. Huh? Oh,Adeel Khan: $1Adnan Khan: there you go.Adeel Khan: million.Hassaan Ahmad: Wow. Okay.Adnan Khan: is very buggy. Uh when you go into live trading then API issues. Yeah. I like I like how Assan's confident went up from to 100% winAdeel Khan: Oh,Adnan Khan: rate.Hassaan Ahmad: or I I've enjoyed it.Adnan Khan: Bro, it's just it's just uh it's this is just couch brain rot,  
00:07:24
 Adeel Khan: If I can achieve that level of brain,Hassaan Ahmad: No.Adeel Khan: I'll be a f****** billionaire.Adnan Khan: bro. I swear this is couch brain rod.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: I don't I don't build it on myAdeel Khan: Yeah. KnowHassaan Ahmad: Have we Man, I need to set itAdeel Khan: the like this guy's always working,Hassaan Ahmad: up.Adnan Khan: computer.Adeel Khan: bro. I have zero clue idea that wasHassaan Ahmad: There you go.Adeel Khan: movie.Hassaan Ahmad: WhichAdnan Khan: I had an idea. I had to get it out,Hassaan Ahmad: is this is the definition ofAdnan Khan: man.Adeel Khan: Yes,Hassaan Ahmad: aAdeel Khan: I get 100%.Adnan Khan: We need to file so that future agents know what to do.Hassaan Ahmad: H.Adnan Khan: Cold start agents. Put that in and close the actually I figured out how to do it without claude running on the system. It's now running on the server. So my command I close the lid.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: I open it later and it's done and deployed.  
00:08:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, how is it running on VPS?Adnan Khan: It's just VPS. Uh I just SSH into theHassaan Ahmad: Nice,Adnan Khan: VPS.Hassaan Ahmad: man.Adeel Khan: Have you tried those Chinese AI modelsAdnan Khan: So,Adeel Khan: yet?Hassaan Ahmad: influenc.Adnan Khan: Dave,Adeel Khan: Yeah, like I kind of want to test it because Yeah,Adnan Khan: bro,Adeel Khan: it's a very good marketing strategy. Yeah, it's actually prettyAdnan Khan: I mean, there's only one way to check.Adeel Khan: good.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: It's not like we don't have 90% of the smartest minds in remote year to figure this out. Yeah. Beautiful.Hassaan Ahmad: This is where us being smarter than 90% of general population comes into play.Adnan Khan: Yeah, that's that's who we're who we're going to sell this to. By the way,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. the remaining theAdnan Khan: the remaining the remainingHassaan Ahmad: 90%Adnan Khan: 90%.Hassaan Ahmad: PakistanAdnan Khan: InvestmentHassaan Ahmad: investment. They have no way of investing anywhere else. What we've got to figure out is um we take gold from them.  
00:10:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, bro. This is a great f****** idea. We somehow build a system where we take gold from them, reflect that into digital currency or they will happily do this s***. And this is how we get their money out and we invest it.Adnan Khan: Very interesting. I I should build the gold one out next.Hassaan Ahmad: You can or you cannot. Uh the thing is the the biggest in Pakistani the biggest thing that's missing is a way to interact and play with any market that is not Pakistani orAdnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Hey Gab,Hassaan Ahmad: physicalAdeel Khan: there's only one up that does it.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Pass itHassaan Ahmad: because you can't get money bro this is a f****** brilliant idea. S&P 500 cut tracker like exactly tracker fund but for Pakistan BSXAdeel Khan: PSX.Hassaan Ahmad: Pakistani stock exchange but so you createAdnan Khan: U typeHassaan Ahmad: a tracker of S&P 500 forAdeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: PakistanAdnan Khan: for what is the for Pakistan and that is  
00:11:58
 Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: for Pakistanis Pakistan Pakistani S&P 500Adnan Khan: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: invest.Adnan Khan: I see what you mean. It's like Okay, so it's still the S&P 500. It's just you're getting money fromHassaan Ahmad: It's not the S&P 500.Adnan Khan: Pakistanis.Hassaan Ahmad: It's an instrument that behaves the same way as S&P 500.Adnan Khan: Oh, like a new instrument.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: Like a tracker.Adnan Khan: I see that respect to the S&P 500. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Like a synthetic ETF. This these are called synthetic ETFs. That's what it is. And boys, I I need some help withAdnan Khan: How did they go?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, there is extreme alignment. There's good stuff. There's like all the all the nice stuff. But I have a feeling that I'm giving away too much value in it that like I take them through our approach and stuff. Yeah, this is what we do. This is how we set up, etc., etc. more often than not, I'm just pitching LinkedIn ads to them.  
00:13:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: Now, my there's two things that end up happening,Adnan Khan: H.Hassaan Ahmad: and I will walk you through what you're seeing on my screen right now. What ends up happening more often than not is we're in a raise right now. Have a conversation.Adnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: There you go. So, I'm struggling with striking that balance between giving them just enough they're hooked, but not enough where the urgency goes away. So, what I would like your help with is um I would appreciate it if you guys can be on a call with me in my just so I can get some live feedback which is not clawed. And number two, um just help me strike that balance flow. that would be helpful for me to listen to as well because I want to see KI what what does that healthy balance look like make sense okayAdeel Khan: Yeah, me too.Hassaan Ahmad: so this is what you're seeing on my screen is our current pipeline proposals as of this moment we have proposal. He has us last week.  
00:15:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: He has ghosted and I'm chasing and I have a call with him on Thursday. This is more promising. Why these two hurt me is because these are established companies which could haveAdnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: budgets which could be good. Um you have seen the proposals. SoAdnan Khan: The slide deck basically,Hassaan Ahmad: yeah summary andAdnan Khan: right?Hassaan Ahmad: so forthAdnan Khan: And so you had a discovery call with them.Hassaan Ahmad: basically I have the discovery call with them. Let me walk you through the pipeline. So we're all talking about the same thing MQL which is basically this meetings book and they go into ourAdnan Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: pipeline. So every booked meeting on my calendar is a SQL.Adnan Khan: Here you go.Hassaan Ahmad: Once I have had a discovery call with them, they go into discovery. These are the current stages. SQLs are calls booked but no meeting held. Discovery is the first discovery meeting held.Adnan Khan: MoreHassaan Ahmad: Design and negotiate where I have I'm talking about sending them a proposal or I've sent a proposal and so forth.  
00:16:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: Maybe we can split it but at this point necessary one lost disqualified didn't show up. take now. Um I've had a call with him and this guy's interested but he wanted to talk two months from now because so he's in discovery. I will need to have a discovery with him again. These are the punch calls that I've actually had who had the need who had the bud well who would who needed to find the budget the timing worked for them and so forth. skin that these two I would say coasters.Adnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: This one I'll have a meeting with and see where we get to. Um the format is pretty much the same. Discovery can I take them through my calculator nutrition integrated This was the latest one. So, nutrition integrated. This is basically my discovery nodes. This is for me.Adnan Khan: Uh,Hassaan Ahmad: You guys to know it.Adeel Khan: It'sHassaan Ahmad: Uh, pipeline math. I take that information. I take the call recording and then I prepare the proposal that I think and this is what Claude has been telling me.  
00:18:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. in this call when we are talking about what their problems are. For example, their problem is now marketing budget marketing. They have no inbound. They go to only trade shows and they ask me, okay, how would you solve the problem? I tell them inbound engineer and we and we do that through our fourlength framework. We look at who your ICP is.Adnan Khan: AllHassaan Ahmad: to look at where you are. We look at the messaging and so forth. Yeah. And our method is very specific on ICP selection. Once you get that laser targeted, you can read a message that prompts an action.Adnan Khan: right.Hassaan Ahmad: Um we do channel selection in this case and in the other person's case that's going to be linked in because that is where your ICP lives and then it's about execution, right? We optimize for a cost per meeting because we don't control the results. What we do control is the quality that's coming in through the funnel and the cost that way.  
00:19:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: Claude think that's too much information and I'm basically giving them the playbook. I'm thinking is anybody who wanted the playbook can literally Google it and probably get it right. So I think there's a happy medium between that which is what I need to hit as per claude when I tell them this stuff a person might go like okay so I need to get the ICP and I need to get the message and I just target them on LinkedIn and I could just do that myself and save a thousand pounds fair. Um so that's where we are. I'm going to take a pause here and get you guys' thoughts on well this whole thing.Adnan Khan: I mean,Adeel Khan: I go for it.Adnan Khan: do you No,Adeel Khan: Go for it.Adnan Khan: I was going to say if someone can't pay a,000 for that a month, it means they simply don't have enough money that they're trying to do everything themselves. Like anyone who is running a real business would be like,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: I don't give a s*** paying a,000 and 2,000 for a professional to come in and do this because it's pressure off my plate.  
00:20:32
 Adnan Khan: I don't have to think about anything.Hassaan Ahmad: Uhhuh.Adnan Khan: Um so part of it is thinking that the other part is like previous offer we used to also call out things like you know landing page, landing page testing. We've even called out outbound, but I know we're not doing outbound anymore. So,Adeel Khan: AllAdnan Khan: I I I wonder if it's like a them seeing too muchHassaan Ahmad: Can you see myAdnan Khan: information and being like then the other part is likeHassaan Ahmad: no?Adnan Khan: what about the other things in channels, right?Hassaan Ahmad: So I explain it and then these this is what I tell them. Okay, this is what I do. So again these are three tiers that you can go into authorityAdeel Khan: right.Hassaan Ahmad: partnership pipeline can 9999 this is what you get authority can this is what you get partnershipAdnan Khan: Great.Hassaan Ahmad: this is what you get my is you start with pipeline because xyzAdnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: um and I do agree with you my thinking is if the math of a thousand if they see this and they don't see the value they're getting then they're probably not the right kind of customer for Um, and when you look at it, it doesn't like market research, anybody knows markets framework, stuff like that, right?  
00:22:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, either it's just a volume thing or I'm doing something wrong. But either way,Adnan Khan: The other and keen to hear like feedback in general on this. The other part that I've seen a lot is people don't talk about like if I look at that slide uh they talk more from a funnelsHassaan Ahmad: IsAdnan Khan: perspective like high conversion high optimizedHassaan Ahmad: it?Adnan Khan: funnels and when you talk about a funnel a funnel could be anything it could be authority leadership both it could be a landing page it could be an ad it could be anything so it's like when you say funnel you're not specifically breaking down researchable We're just going to build a very high converting funnel and we have like 12 funnels that have worked for I don't know five different niches and we're going to pick the best three that will suit your niche whatever like that gives the element of oh this is their secret recipe they're not telling us type vibes. Yeah. Curious what you bothHassaan Ahmad: No.Adnan Khan: think.  
00:23:06
 Adeel Khan: I have two hunches. I think it might be one. They might think, "Oh, this is priced like so cheaply because it might be too much value." They might think seems too good to be true type. The other could be okay when you're like doing this analysis. It's going to hit the wall. Okay, they've been doing this this wrong, right? That sometimes has an effect. Then if it's like let's say theyAdnan Khan: There you go.Adeel Khan: have their team they like it's a bit hard to digest. Uh like I've seen this couple of times. The third thing might be uh we might just be giving them too many options, right? Like they expect us to be like inbound though you like the way you're doing it is like you mainly push LinkedIn but maybe we could be like there are plenty of ways to go about it. LinkedIn is probably the best way to do do it or we have this inbound player. Uh sorry player these are two best ways with your budget with  
00:24:17
 Adnan Khan: ThisAdeel Khan: your 350 cost per lead maybe maybe that's like a bit of discomfort as well like this seems more of a what do you call it British pounds a lot of money a lot of moneyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah, man. Um I think good points. So the way I tackle the first one is when I present those options toAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: them um well I present those options to them in the same way. So before I get to that slide, we have this whole spiel about okay this is what do you have currently ongoing spreadsheet they had a marketer okayAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: brand awareness stuff and I was like right that person can do the brand awareness stuff we'll come in and we'll take over the growth piece the growth piece involves creating new stuff as well as repurposing some of what the other person's Okay, we're going to activate. So you are already going on conferences which is great. Okay, you have a trust problem right now and the way we solve that trust problem at scale is by going out into the market.  
00:25:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: Conferences is one. The second thing that we do is LinkedIn because that's where your ICP lives. Now that's basically the spiel that I give them which tells them K this is my recommendation forAdeel Khan: Take a picture.Hassaan Ahmad: what you should be doing. When I present the pricing to them, I'm just like, "It's 999 because I take 10% of rev share." This aligns my incentives with yours. I only win when you win because you know 999 doesn't pay anybody's bills. Lands perfectly well with people who actually get it. And they're like, "Okay, now I get it." Um, yeah. So, it's always a recommendation followed by why that recommendation makes sense and pricing followed by I'm going to take a F share. I do think it's a volume thing, man. Um, I mean, four deals is not enough data set to make an opinion on.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Do we want do like I don't think the I think the offer and all that isAdeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: fine.  
00:26:56
 Adnan Khan: Uh I do like the point about like likeAdeel Khan: ThankAdnan Khan: this is just punch it's not not back backed by data. Last time when we did this,Adeel Khan: you.Adnan Khan: we would actually go in and talk to people very specific like this is your problem. This is your problem. This is what we can do to you. As opposed to now it feels a little bit and I know it's not templated but it feels a little templated where like oh yeah it's the same pricing plan that they have on the website and that same thing they're doing for me. So they're forcing their offer on my product rather than like but again it's too early. I do agree. The other question I have is, is it worth opening up to East Coast US potentially or whatever?Adeel Khan: That's a different discussion. I think do you have like a recorded call sales?Hassaan Ahmad: I have transcripts.Adeel Khan: Okay. Like maybe maybe we might just need to dumb it down a little.  
00:27:59
 Adeel Khan: That could be the main thing cuz I don't think trying to find other ones. This one's a closed client. He's like veryHassaan Ahmad: It's it's a UK versus US thing as well.Adeel Khan: but he has I don't think he has like slides or anything.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't present slides. I don't do anything. The only two slides I present if I need to is one and twoAdeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: that's it.Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: It's just the pricing and pricing is just easier because I realized like I explained and they're like okay but how do you do it? So like are you going to play with this like how do you set up the CRM and stuff? Like sure this is what they offer. Um that's why I present the slides and before these calls I wasn't actually presenting slides. Slides always followed the proposal state. Yeah. I don't know man. I thinkAdeel Khan: Okay.Adnan Khan: This brings me back to the Pixie Baji conversation where like she was very open about Kim strategy with  
00:29:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: probablyAdnan Khan: how and when we weren't she droppedHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: off.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think it's the balance. So, what I'm trying to go for and what my hope is, we get people like Mike, who get it, who could probably do it if they wanted to, but it's not worth their time. They like 999 is too stupidly low for a CEO to go, "Okay, okay, I'm not even going to bother with this s***." But I let these guys take and we see where we getAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: to.Adnan Khan: And maybe this is approaching it from a user journeyAdeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: perspective. What is the story? Like is there an actual story arc here? So this is your problem whatever we we and then weHassaan Ahmad: Let'sAdnan Khan: also talk a little bit about like these clients had a similar problem. This is all the things that we did and we can do everything.Hassaan Ahmad: go.Adnan Khan: We can't do everything for everyone.  
00:30:18
 Adnan Khan: we design a specific channel or funnel strategy and then a slide that shows oh these are the five things we did for Mike and it's all about like testing new angles different angles different ways of approaching the problem this is what got Mike this is what we did for blah and this is what they got this is a bunch of post from FLA and look what they got so we're not it's not one sizefits all it's us like coming in and seeing what's actually working for you and you keep the system. It's the reason we want to start you off is because we understand first month is reallyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: hard for people because like it results aren't coming in system is gathering data whatever but this these are the people who stuck around with us for three plus months and this is where they're at the moment. So, we target long-term retention rather than,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: you know, like I'm I'm more trying to think like because like it's human psychology like I see a chart going up, my like dopamine kicks in and I'm like, "Okay, fine." So,  
00:31:20
 Adnan Khan: I wonder if it's like customer like maybe the presentations are more customer successled or success of other people. I don't know. It's the other way to frame it.Hassaan Ahmad: Great, great thought.Adnan Khan: Let'sHassaan Ahmad: Let me take you through a mock discovery session. Take Zoom, Adan or Adil, you're both co-founders in a company.Adnan Khan: go.Hassaan Ahmad: Take the call is for 30 minutes. I typically come in one minute of banter etc etc and then I'm like okay guys this meeting is for you. I'm not going to try to pitch you anything. I'm not going to try to sell anything to you. This meeting is where we discuss what your goals are, where you're headed, and where you're stuck. If that's something I can help you with, I'll share a little bit about how I would solve the problem. And if there's alignment, we'll set up another call. There you go. That's my pretty much layup to it. And then I always start off with, okay, tell me what are you trying to accomplish?  
00:32:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: what prompted you to take this call? Pretty much everybody's like pipelining and blah blah blah all that s***. Yeah. I' like all right in the background I'd have my spreadsheet up and I'd be putting stuff in it. People always start very fluffy. Oh, there's no pipeline. We're stuck. Actually, let me share my screen and I'll take you through how I ran the call today. Where the f*** is it? Nutrition integrated. So this is how the call started and somewhere here the guy was like um we're at 700K right now. Uh we have nine staff of which two are marketing but they're about to leave. Nick is the founder right now. Everything is founderled. So all the knowledge lives in founders head marketing person is churning. Um I'm stepping into a sales role. I started doing that one day a week and I realized that you know it's difficult. So now we're speaking to people and thinking about how we could do it very very fluffy like okay great let me show you my screen show you where I'm working so  
00:33:46
 Adnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: we can work through this in a more structured fashion but great like okay tell me what is it that you're trying to do what's the revenue target the guy was like 1.3 million k I want to be at 2 million I was like wait you want to add 1.3 million this year he was like no 18 months like Why not 6 million? He goes, "Oh, oh, um, well, 2 million just, you know, it felt like a nice number." It's like, "Okay." Felt like a nice number, but you do realize that's two and a half times where you are right now. Like, yeah. It's like, "Okay, let's start off with a more realistic base. Put some numbers in and then we can see where you get to." Like, great. Like, okay, you're at 700K right now. I'm going to put in 350. So basically we're saying you're going to add 50% more revenue this year. It's like sounds reasonable. It's like yeah. It's like great. What's your ACV?  
00:34:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: 10,000 meetings to qualified off blah blah blah. I take them through the math for more realistic numbers. And I'm like okay based on what you have given me, you're going to need 18 meetings per month in order for you to realistically hit 350. Does that make sense? Yes, it does. Great. Now, let me tell you why we didn't go with 1.3 million. Boy, if we do 1.3 million, that means you and your co-founder need to be in 65 meetings per month. Can you handle that? No. I was like, exactly what I thought. So, we're going to make it 350,000. That's a more realistic number for us to work with. I anchor them into numbers and then I'm like okay now tell me how you're currently doing it. They go through their challenges. We have no inbound. We have we are getting one meeting a month founder conference heavy takes us six to 12 months blah blah blah. I'm like great how you have a marketing person what is she doing?  
00:35:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: Oh she's doing blogs. She's doing SEO. She's organizing conferences and stuff like okay. So it's basically an entire strategy session which I'm giving away for free. Where we get to at the end is that person's doing brand stuff. So they have no growth setup. They're doing one meeting a month when they need to be doing to add 350K. They have no acquisition setup. If that person is leaving and they were paying them three grand a month, that's their budget to spend. So they already have that budget. and who they're targeting. So they're targeting CPG firms, ingredient manufacturers, message etc etc based on that. So I do that for 15 20 minutes and then based on that I'm like okay from what you have told me you need 18 meetings a month in order to hit that number your current marketing person is leaving and in any case you're set up for brand rather than conversion. Now let me tell you what I do. I and my team is focused on growth and conversions only.  
00:37:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: Brand is great, but branding doesn't pay my bills. Leads and conversions do. So that's what we optimize for. You've told me that you're going after this these people. They are the ones who convert for you. Now, in order for us to go and find these people, there's two or three ways in which we could do it. One is email. Look through your inbox. every email sounds the same which means that the respond on email is pretty low. The second thing is you can do conferences you're already doing that so that's great keep on doing it. The third thing is we engineer inbound and that's where we come in. We will set up this this for you right or typically when we do it this is how we do it. That's where I launch into an example. Typically it's my one login. Okay. This person came to us with a technical product. The website is great but very feature heavy, not optimized for conversion.  
00:38:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: So we got to I pull up our landing page. This landing page speaks to a very specific pain to a very specific audience and we build the entire funnel around it. The entire thing is designed for people to either qualify themselves in or qualify themselves out because high intent people coming in help you directly. How? If this number goes from three to two, automatically you need to be doing 16 meetings rather than 18. That's how it has a direct impact. And that is what I set up for people. Yeah. Depending on their questions, I can take them through the logistics of it. This is what a creative would look like if he were to do it, etc., etc. But that's how we that's how I run that call. Yeah. So, it's very valueheavy. It's, I think, differentiated from an agency that comes in, oh, we're going to set up emails. We're going to send you 6,000 emails or whatever. Like, they walk away with understanding exactly how they're set up and what they need to be doing in order to hit the number that they want.  
00:39:10
 Adnan Khan: I have thoughts. I have thoughts but I'm waiting. I want to see you want.Hassaan Ahmad: That is why we're having this conversation.Adnan Khan: So I think I think this call if I was a founder let me give you an analogy. I go to a doctor and the doctor looks at me and was like,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: "Yeah, Venture, you are overweight.Hassaan Ahmad: AnotherAdnan Khan: Your BMI is high. You're at the borderline of getting diabetes. You're about to f****** die. Your eyesight is going to go. And what I'm telling you is I'll go to another doctor.Hassaan Ahmad: H.Adnan Khan: homopathic because that's a path where I'mAdeel Khan: Oh,Adnan Khan: like psychology I'm not pragmatic logical most people aren't that logical I'll be like my business so that's the example I'll use going into this now the moment you say this is my own feeling the moment you're like oh I you need 60 meetings to get to this revenue like if the guy came up with a fluffy number I need to get to 2 million he had no reason for it right the moment you said you need 60 meetings and the reason was and the party wouldn't let to have you signing up with you he would have be like oh I need to go back to the drawing board with my team and figure that out right so that it wasn't even too much value.  
00:40:55
 Adnan Khan: It was like you gave him a wake up call.Hassaan Ahmad: It wasAdnan Khan: You gave him a wakeup call, right? And I think that wakeup call should come way later.Hassaan Ahmad: tech.Adnan Khan: Um then I think the other things like we're not going to send emails, we're not going to do this, we're not going to do that. I think that comes way later as well. I think in the discovery call phase the first 15 20 minutes you understanding their problems and be like okay Mike came to us he had a similar problem we architected a solution we got him here came to this solution we got him to here shum it's about showing like the fancy things and then once they've made their first payment be like okay now let's get into the strategy session so we can design your architecture funnel that to me feels like it's more blue sky and it gives people like novelty coming in. Whereas if in the diagnosis call they're like, "Oh s***,Adeel Khan: HolyAdnan Khan: we need to fundamentally pivot our business model." They're not going to walk away with like confidence.  
00:41:50
 Adeel Khan: s***.Adnan Khan: They're going to walk away with fear and fear to a point where they won't even return.Hassaan Ahmad: Wow.Adnan Khan: Um so I think this session that you showed phenomenal session I would do it as a second call potentially after they've given a retainer which is much harder because you have to close.Hassaan Ahmad: Wow.Adnan Khan: There has to be a version of this that is like more novel story told trust building empathetic and sit at a higher level and could even be shorter. It doesn't have to be an hour. It can be 30 minutes potentially. Those are my thoughts high level.Adeel Khan: I slightly I slightly disagree.Hassaan Ahmad: kind of agreement.Adeel Khan: I think you should 100 the first part I definitely agree with. 65 350 cost. Okay. But the other thing about strategy I think the way I would say that is more or less you want pipeline right you have a certain limited budget my experience yeah I can hear my voice uh LinkedIn LinkedIn why so this is the reason right cold email s like we do all of it you can help sub but your situation right now this is probably the best play like for and other clients we've done.  
00:43:22
 Adeel Khan: Why? Because gold email, everyone's doing it too saturated. Uh meta, you need more money to spend, takes a lot of optimization. Google, you have zero brand awareness, you're competing with a lot of people, top, middle, and bottom of funnel. You have different methods of doing it. And you know, you're right. Pop list, ICP. That's why it's just for you at this stage right now. The way I would start it is do a do a full kind of strategy on LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: No.Adeel Khan: When we are at a certain position, so let's say 300k, we want that. Then we start adding in the other stuff, right? This is the best play. We our goal is basically to start you off, compound you so that you're then eventually bringing that ecosystem thing, right? You do LinkedIn ads, then imagine you saw our LinkedIn ads, right? You booked a call, but imagine if I had messaged you saying remote does this, right? That was part of our game plan.  
00:44:22
 Adeel Khan: We didn't need it for you. We do it for a lot of others. Uh but imagine that. Imagine your success rate, right? We could we were able to convince you just on LinkedIn because we were at a similar stage. This is our best performing channel by miles like Google works the best longterm vision drive it drive it to half a million add meta scale it up million add gold email like psychology like imagine if you keep seeing my post on LinkedIn and then you get a f****** cold email from me like yeah but obviously not at the first flowHassaan Ahmad: Perfect.Adnan Khan: I like I really like this. I like the vision setting. I want you to me and this this stage at which you're at.Adeel Khan: there.Adnan Khan: This is where we think you should go.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Like this is the best value for your money right now. Less risk, more value. You know, you're spending your money on customers you would like because we we've built that, you know, with our strate session.  
00:45:23
 Adeel Khan: We've identified ICP and then we are literally just paying to win there and convince them on a callate he was getting one CXO now he's getting like 10 to 15 CXOs 120 that's 4K spend right very like then you show others remote they And then you can like you can get pago and LFD or whatever star will be the cost.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Adeel Khan: So but that will then supplementally build up the successHassaan Ahmad: this is this is magic. This is magic.Adeel Khan: story.Hassaan Ahmad: I think this needs to be on a fake jam and this needs to be an artifact that I can just pull up and just talk to people. Yeah,Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we have 15 minutes. Let me just do it.Adnan Khan: Hang on.Adeel Khan: Oh.Adnan Khan: Let me pull itAdeel Khan: Oh. Oh. Standing mode overAdnan Khan: up.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, bro. Work mode heavy. XX fjam gold,Adeel Khan: onHassaan Ahmad: bro. bikes.Adeel Khan: the customer.  
00:46:41
 Adeel Khan: I have no clue how he sells the product. That should be fun. He does. This is like Yeah. I likeAdnan Khan: You are page.Adeel Khan: Yeah, he's fig jamming.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry, boys. Um, yeah, what I'm envisioning is Yeah,Adeel Khan: You'reHassaan Ahmad: but something like uh I know I know IAdeel Khan: mute.Adnan Khan: Oh, I just used AI, bro. This is notHassaan Ahmad: saw you do it. Buyer buyer journey.Adnan Khan: me.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Maturity with channel matrix. buyer unaware. You've got to make them aware is probably going to get hit, right? And the way you aware that is through top of funnel. The way you do topAdeel Khan: Oh god.Hassaan Ahmad: ofAdeel Khan: What do you call it? Illustration of theAdnan Khan: You want to make aHassaan Ahmad: funnel.Adnan Khan: funnel?Hassaan Ahmad: We need to overlay like a channel. You need to funnel bananas though. Maybe there's better ways of doing it, but that's what's coming to my mind.  
00:50:42
 Adeel Khan: Tell us.Adnan Khan: shall figure it out. What's the middle funnel?Adeel Khan: Standing down.Hassaan Ahmad: like so LinkedIn is a channel right we're putting in multiple channels so LinkedIn is one channel put it in the box your conference is going to be another channel top of funnel goalAdnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: create awareness that's what it is right so you have LinkedIn you have conferences you have webinarsAdeel Khan: webinars.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: N I I don't know where you're going with this.Adeel Khan: HeyAdnan Khan: I assume you can just purify yogi. But if you Yeah, if the goal is to just do it like that, that'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think that's better. Right. This is where you're saying, "Yeah,Adnan Khan: fine.Hassaan Ahmad: these are the multiple channels that you could activate for this one."Adeel Khan: actually LinkedIn add like ad channels paidHassaan Ahmad: So,Adeel Khan: media and then so the the way is like you can do the same play everywhere right you're just showing you're basically saying, "LinkedIn, you're showing that this is just the best value for your money right now at this point. Most chances of success, less risk because of blah blah blah blah.  
00:53:27
 Adnan Khan: I can fix it, but like something like that for now.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean we don't have to point and say it looks like we are coming into this with a opinion right and I think we need to avoid that.Adeel Khan: Yeah. DamnHassaan Ahmad: So LinkedIn webinarAdeel Khan: it.Hassaan Ahmad: conferences um podcast thoughAdeel Khan: podcast, blogs, SEO, every every channel has a top of socialHassaan Ahmad: blogs,Adeel Khan: media,Hassaan Ahmad: SEO.Adeel Khan: organic what do you call that? Oh, print marketing. People do that. Unless she's us, butHassaan Ahmad: unaware buyer. The goals are number one goalAdnan Khan: Just giveHassaan Ahmad: isAdnan Khan: youHassaan Ahmad: uh yeah create awareness between your ICP go find out who your ICP is like who actually so who's your ICP uh make them problem aware there and bridge the gap to solution awareness.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Perfect.Hassaan Ahmad: These are basically your three goals that you are doing. Who cares about this? Why do they care about it?  
00:55:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: And what kind of what does a good solution look like for them? Agreed. Yeah. So I think there's aAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: version of it just we can have like a top of funnel. Um LinkedIn weAdeel Khan: Hey.Hassaan Ahmad: have thought leader ad I mean no that's tactics. Let's not go into tactics.Adnan Khan: I think um you could always do a breakdown of LinkedIn once we talk about the solution space. Uh you can always voice over LinkedIn is also a giant platform like Meta. There's like 200 ways of doing things, but not just as simple as boosting aHassaan Ahmad: So I think there's there's a version of that goals and those are the strategic goals,Adnan Khan: post.Hassaan Ahmad: right? But then there's tactical challenges in this as well. And this is where we start differentiating it. Tactical challenge. Anyone can do all of this stuff. It's how do you get the right eyes on the right thing at the right cost.  
00:56:42
 Adnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um that actually soAdeel Khan: Um, yeah. Yeah, IHassaan Ahmad: that's strategic goal andAdeel Khan: gotHassaan Ahmad: the tactical challengeAdnan Khan: I don't want to use the word strategic by the way. It's tooHassaan Ahmad: challenge.Adnan Khan: posh.Hassaan Ahmad: Challenge goal and challenge. No, no.Adeel Khan: IHassaan Ahmad: This is gold.Adnan Khan: Hang on. Uh I think you should write the statement.Adeel Khan: mustHassaan Ahmad: ThenAdnan Khan: So the statement is going to be this. So statement, I think that's what you're trying to say,Adeel Khan: go.Hassaan Ahmad: the statement isAdnan Khan: right?Hassaan Ahmad: um that is a tactical challenge and that challenge is how do you get the right people looking at the right message at a manageable cost.Adnan Khan: practicalHassaan Ahmad: That's basically whoever you bring in and whatever your method is, this is the problem you need to solve for.Adnan Khan: one.Hassaan Ahmad: tactical challenge or how do you sort of getting the right people?Adnan Khan: I want to do that.  
00:58:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: It's okay, bro. It's okay. Don't worry. Uh I I almost don't want to use even headings because like these are frameworks that you and a deal are associating with but if someone else is coming in they won't understand strategy challenge like strategic these are just like bigHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, this is this is an artifact,Adnan Khan: words.Hassaan Ahmad: right? This is where we come in. So I do my whole spiel and then the way I think about playing this is it be like all right from what you have told me you your problem is your buyers and people say it in the call the people don't even know we exist correct that's an awareness problem now let me show you everything that you could do to solve that problem and give you a recommendation on what you should be doing and why. Right? So you have an awareness problem,Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you can solve it by podcast, blogs, SEO, social media, print media, etc., etc. But the problem is the same.  
00:59:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: How do you get the right people to get the right message at a cost that you can sustain? Anything you run needs to be done for three plus months. So it's uh you have to manage your effort plus your spend.Adnan Khan: Yeah, I was going to sayAdeel Khan: emails.Adnan Khan: pleaseHassaan Ahmad: emails.Adnan Khan: record it.Adeel Khan: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: Phone calls.Adeel Khan: cold calling.Hassaan Ahmad: Phone calls.Adeel Khan: video.Adnan Khan: Are these tactics?Hassaan Ahmad: These are yourAdeel Khan: These are also tactics channel like we couldHassaan Ahmad: channels.Adeel Khan: say channel I can say channels actuallyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Adeel Khan: every channel has its ownHassaan Ahmad: this is one. It's going to take many iterations.Adeel Khan: tactic. Common channels, most used channels, famousAdnan Khan: I like that comment.Adeel Khan: channels.Adnan Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. See now once you have succeeded in that goal so you've got the right people looking at the right message at the manageable cost the output of that or the or the result of that is you have interest.  
01:01:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: So it's not intent, it's interest, right? Then you've got a nurture. So the goal,Adnan Khan: Something like that.Hassaan Ahmad: huh, we're just dumping stuff. So the goal then is convert interest into intent.Adeel Khan: curiosity.Hassaan Ahmad: No. And the challenge is there are two challenges. The first challenge is how do you separate the curious from those who might be buyers. will make it better. That's number one. And the other then is once we've identified the buyers, how do we nurture? How do we move them along the journey to intensify their awareness of the problem? common channels.Adnan Khan: I I think instead of repeating, I wonder if this is more likeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah, sorry. You go first. Like I don't want to give a tactic away. Yo, we will retarget and we will do but there is something here about theAdeel Khan: You know what we should do?Adnan Khan: ecosystem.Adeel Khan: Actually, uh we don't show comment channels or that makes sense.  
01:03:28
 Adeel Khan: It was like there also be same channels there different content types like you'reHassaan Ahmad: IAdeel Khan: doing case studies, you're doing like showcasing your product etcHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think there's value in showing the channels because any seriousAdeel Khan: etHassaan Ahmad: buyer that we would come across would be looking at multiple approaches, would be looking at multiple vendors. So they would have they'd be looking at clay instantly. They'd be looking at agencies, SDRs, etc., etc.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Oh, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And so by putting them out there,Adeel Khan: That makesHassaan Ahmad: we're just we're doing two things.Adeel Khan: sense.Hassaan Ahmad: We're showing them that yes, we know this is what number one, it enables it opens up a question. What from this? What are you looking at? And then secondly we'll be like okay in our experience emails are good but saturated webinars require heavy lift it's a great top of funnel thing can do um conference is expensive there is no point you going and attending them you have to be presenting and talking and that's expensive we can talk about all of that there's There's only one thing in our experience that enables the good thing and that's for now LinkedIn for your specific situation.  
01:05:08
 Adnan Khan: I think I like the altitude of this way more.Adeel Khan: Hey f***.Adnan Khan: Um, you're not giving anything away, but you're talking them through how we think about like basically it's a good interview artifact because every call is an interview, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Um,Adeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: so I think from that perspective, I like the altitude of this as opposed to byAdeel Khan: Come on.Adnan Khan: uh which is which is by the way a very very strong thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Go.Adnan Khan: But you do that after they like oh I like this guy.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that has I mean when it earns its place, it earns it really well. Um I did that for Mike. I did that for. So the clients that we have currently came through that and that is specifically what they liked because it's like okay you are actually grounding this in fact you're not saying oh 30 leads 30 meetings or you don't pay you're telling me what is it going to take to get 30Adnan Khan: Yeah.  
01:06:07
 Adnan Khan: And I don't think that gets ruled out either,Hassaan Ahmad: meetings.Adnan Khan: right? Like if that is where you think the conversation is going, you can pull up pull up that artifactHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: too.Hassaan Ahmad: And the thing is um one thing that we agreed at the start of this was we've got to bring the right kind of customer in. People who understand what is it they're getting into who have realistic expectations. Um so but they know they've got to spend four grand in order to get somewhere. I think that's a good outcome, right?Adeel Khan: You you should you can still do the spreadsheet by the uh you your main thesis is okay this is what you want this is the cost per lead right but if you're scattering it you're not letting any channel perform if you confineHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: it as I said Linked features but we think it suits you so you just have more opportunity to succeed andHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: numbersHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Chance, I have to leave in like 13 minutes, 12  
01:07:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: I also have to leave.Adnan Khan: minutes.Hassaan Ahmad: Share. I will keep playing with it because I think I have an idea of what I need it to be. Adil, I'd appreciate it if you can take a pass at this as well. Put your knowledge in. Then we canAdnan Khan: like very high level.Hassaan Ahmad: organize.Adnan Khan: I think here we're talking about common channels. I don't think we need to repeat it here. I think this is more about like how are we amplifying something it's multi- channelannel like it's something else or it could also be about like which channel is appropriate to which stage at what point in time. So like you might start with LinkedIn for example and then later on you might be like oh now we should send these people emails because now they know who they are. Like we don't want to give that much detail but like I think commentary would help kids choosing the right channel based on stage and budget.Adeel Khan: It should be channel.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
01:08:25
 Adeel Khan: I think you shouldHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. The way I'm envisioning that sits at the top layer. This is your buyer journey.Adeel Khan: correctly.Hassaan Ahmad: Unaware. aware, interest, unaware, interested. Yeah. Curious, interested, ready to pull trigger, whatever you want to call it. So, you have that and then you're like, okay, this is the channel, right? Unaware stage, we recommend you use this because XYZ. That's when you start layering in the channel. So, it becomes like a waterfall. example, you are you have multi- channels towards the close, but Shukan there, you're just like, okay, we're optimizing for low cost. We're optimizing for max reach and good targeting. There's only one thing that allows us to do that really f****** well. That's that. It's just a just an idea. We'll see, man. We'll see.Adnan Khan: I added you to it,Hassaan Ahmad: best.Adnan Khan: bro.Hassaan Ahmad: I think you could beAdnan Khan: Although I'll just move it to our remote folder.  
01:09:44
 Adnan Khan: actually.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Uh there we go. We should have it here.Hassaan Ahmad: So, boys, I'm going to run. I have another thing to prepare for.Adnan Khan: Good luck. Good luck meeting youHassaan Ahmad: Fred.Adnan Khan: today.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes. What are the calls?Adnan Khan: And so the TR was we'll get backHassaan Ahmad: The TR in both cases are we have meetings set up um for two weeks from now. What I don't want to what I'm trying to get ahead of is proposals and the people have ghostedAdnan Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: me by slowing the sales cycle down. But then also I'm taking collective feedback on what needs to be done better. to not get ghosted again. Just optimizing and improving conversion. That's all.Adeel Khan: They they know me, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Adeel Khan: Connection request. Nurg was um it'sHassaan Ahmad: Uh content pageAdeel Khan: loadingHassaan Ahmad: rightAdeel Khan: right scan. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: basicallyAdeel Khan: Yeah. Let's see.Hassaan Ahmad: SirAdeel Khan: yesterday. Let's see.Adnan Khan: post. It's okay. It's okay. I forgive.Adeel Khan: Go.Hassaan Ahmad: tur boys.Adnan Khan: Okay.  
Transcription ended after 01:12:21

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
