---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Nick/Hassaan - 1:1 – 2026/03/11 09:29 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-11T11:14:28.998Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-11T10:30:07.338Z
---


Nick/Hassaan - 1:1 - Transcript
00:00:00
 Nicholas Clarkson: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, Nick. Morning. How are you?Nicholas Clarkson: I'm all right, mate. How areHassaan Ahmad: I am good.Nicholas Clarkson: you?Hassaan Ahmad: Happy that it's a bit warm today.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Isn't itHassaan Ahmad: It feels like it's turning.Nicholas Clarkson: turning?Hassaan Ahmad: Like there's a couple of days every week when I when you know I'm in my t-shirt, but then there's more days when I have to turn the heating up. So it's uhNicholas Clarkson: It's getting lighter. More blue sky. We likeHassaan Ahmad: yeah, but I don't know if it was the same way you are, but I think it was at least two days in the past five,Nicholas Clarkson: this.Hassaan Ahmad: it has been foggy as hell. so foggy that you know you couldn't just I think visibility was less than 500 meters. Yeah. I don't know. I'm pretty close to the sea. So well not pretty close but I'm closer to the sea than you are.Nicholas Clarkson: Where's Where's home for you?  
00:02:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: So maybe it's village. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: And I'm very close to the river. So maybe that's where it was coming from.Nicholas Clarkson: got you. Okay. Yeah, we're both on the We're both on the temps. I'm just But yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean I'm I could I could hit a forearm to the to the river from our house. Yeah, we're where are we?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So I'm where I am. Fulham Stadium's there. The river's there and behind the park.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: So psychologically it's nice to know you're near a river,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I think.Hassaan Ahmad: part of sometimes it worries me as well because I think about global warming. I'm not going to be here for 50 years, but I think about it and then I'm like, "Okay, well, if the water comes up, I'm going to be pretty prettyNicholas Clarkson: Oh my god. Stop it.Hassaan Ahmad: exposed.Nicholas Clarkson: No. I've You know what?  
00:03:27
 Nicholas Clarkson: We did a bit of work on this for a house and the uh that river's flown for thousands of years and it builds up hard sediment and so umHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah I don't think the flooding risks are as big as you think and then they put you know the banks up and then there are other other fears around you know I mean AI is for me I was like I'd stop worrying about global warming IHassaan Ahmad: Man,Nicholas Clarkson: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: the other day I came across this article which was capturing something that the CEO of Anthropic had said and the guy literally said,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: "I can't answer and I can't tell you if the models aren't what did he say?" um self-aware or sent.Nicholas Clarkson: My thinkingHassaan Ahmad: He didn't use the word sentient, but that's what the word meant. It's like we have no way of telling if the model is. So, we don't know if it's actually aware or not, if it improves or not.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: It's come to a point where you see the speed at which these guys are shipping stuff and you know that there's  
00:04:30
 Nicholas Clarkson: it'sHassaan Ahmad: some crazy capable model behind it. Like there's no way you should be able to ship new things like that every single day, which theyNicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: are.Nicholas Clarkson: There's no riskmanagement control framework, you know. It's like if you're going to do like a nuclear power plant, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: that risk of it it blowing up on a given day has to be one in a billion or more. And then,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, we give AI in the hands of about six powerful people and go, "Ah, you know, it's probably going to be all right. We reckon there's a 20% chance that it might kill us all, but let's crack on anyway. It's a flight.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's Let's get there first.Nicholas Clarkson: But exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's get the marketNicholas Clarkson: Let's just let's just race to the cliff edge and then see where we are.Hassaan Ahmad: share.Nicholas Clarkson: But I you know, I actually sort of I was in that camp and then sort of the more I listen to it, you there's a few people saying, you know, like consciousness is is a whole different thing.  
00:05:41
 Nicholas Clarkson: like true consciousness, you know, what it is to to feel and love and hurt and you know, like that's a very different thing entirely, right? You can maybe replicate what appears to be consciousness, but being conscious is another thing which is is almost almost impossible. Um and and there's a train of thought that AGI may never arriveHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: because consciousness is is a biological thing. I don'tHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. But that's more worrying for me because if thatNicholas Clarkson: know.Hassaan Ahmad: is the parameter that we're we're targeting, you know, the ability to feel these emotions and stuff, then AI might never feel it. But in the absence of that, these emotions are guardrails, right? You love, so you want to protect or you you love when you have fear and so forth. And these are guardrails. Without these guardrails, if AI just has logic and it's just relying on logical inference to do any number of things, that becomes all the more worrying because there's nothing controlling it, nothing stopping it or prompting it to self-reflect.  
00:06:53
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, that's that's a topic for a pint, man.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We should grabNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. I know. I mean, I I sort of I've got this question going around in my head, you know, and it's are there any moes anymore?Hassaan Ahmad: I keep on saying that distribution is the mult. So that's why I'm building my brand around and the more I say it, the more I believe it. This morning I came across a post where somebody uh I I'll see if I can find it again. Um it was it was a case study by lovable where somebody by somebody I mean a 40% startup replicated or kicked out Salesforce from their stack because the head of finance used lovable to wipe code their CRM. It went from a $40,000 spend on their CRM to a $1,200 yearly spend and the guys wipe coded it and it's going to be a disaster like 3 years down the line when the guy leaves and nobody's control it and so forth.  
00:08:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's the mess that I've cleaned up for the past 5 years. But between now and people realizing that nobody understands this anymore, there's going to be some real mess that happens.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. I I think it's more like where are the question is probably more where are the moes and there are moes you've got to establish where they are right and I thinking about that refusible it's well you know the system of record you know it's hard we use complex libraries right which you can't really you can't really vibe code with because you have to pay expensive licenses and not you know you couldn't get loveable just go plug into these two libraries because it can't it doesn't even have access and then it's you We've got to double down on AI around, you know, the agentic approach where it's, you know, agents that have legal, treasury, tax, CFO knowledge with research agents that go, right, I now know the data infusible and I can say how do I mitigate currency exposure or you know compliance risk across this this function that's retained knowledge that we could hold, right?  
00:09:20
 Nicholas Clarkson: And it's you you keep it within within your world, not in the external world. That's like a very kind of specific knowledge,Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: human knowledge, which yeah, you could say a research agent could figure that out, but it kind has to be organized. So we my take is we need to really lean into the AI become more of an AI play attached to a system of record.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Then we've got we've got you know group social intelligence which no one has got and that's that's becomes our mate in the newHassaan Ahmad: Abs. Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: world.Hassaan Ahmad: Have you played around withNicholas Clarkson: Uh yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Claude?Nicholas Clarkson: I mean I've got a GPT plus subscription, but ironically, you know, I'm seeing so many good things about Claude that I'm like, I need to I need to uh what you call it? Um decomi I need to decommission my GPTs and move over,Hassaan Ahmad: I want to show you something next.Nicholas Clarkson: IHassaan Ahmad: You are probably the right move.  
00:10:16
 Nicholas Clarkson: think.Hassaan Ahmad: That's what I'm reading. But I want to show you something which I think is going to it should be on your road map if it isn't right now. Um I'll show you an interesting thing. Uh I'm I'm looking at my chat history and see if there's nothing incre incrimitting here. But anyways, so look, I trust you to not judge me when you when you see the kind of stuff that I do,Nicholas Clarkson: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: man. This is my Claude.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I use Claude very heavily and I pay about 90 per month to it.Nicholas Clarkson: Wow.Hassaan Ahmad: What is and and there's a reason why I do it. So I don't know if GPT is doing it or not, but in settings you have the ability to add these connectors. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: What these connectors then do, you can see I've got one for Etto, I've got one for Figma,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Gamma, Gmail, etc., etc.,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: there's dozens upon dozens of connectors.  
00:11:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: Notion, Slack, um,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you would say SMB Global, my previous company,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Clay, etc., etc.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: What these connectors then do is it they give Claude native ability to go and use a certain tool to do something. Yeah. And it's funny that the last thing that I was trying to figure outNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: was a way to automatically update my conversations. Sorry, my the way I update Etio. So I started using it post our last call.Nicholas Clarkson: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: I've created a skill right and I asked it to create a brief for fusible. Now that brief uh where is it? that brief. This is the brief. Yeah, check this out.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: It is automatically created. Can you see it? So, it has the key people, budget, sensitivities, churn, risk, etc. It's everything that's important for me.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: But it created this in Claude and then pushed it to Etio automatically.  
00:12:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: And the reason why I'm showing you this is because what I foresee as the future for you and we talked about this pre um in a more abstract way previously is where fusible has its own connector for all of these LLMs. So you become the system of record. So you become the CRM for entity data for lack of a better word, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And so whenever somebody has a question because people will be using this more and more. I use Claude so much that you can't even imagine. I run my business on Claude and I imagine more and more people will be doing it.Nicholas Clarkson: Which plan do youHassaan Ahmad: I have these they have multiple plans.Nicholas Clarkson: have?Hassaan Ahmad: Their $20 plan or 20 pound plan is pretty pretty bad. I would say you hit the usage limits pretty quickly.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm on the next year which is the max 100 plan.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: You pay $100 for 90 and I findNicholas Clarkson: Oh yeah,  
00:13:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: it very Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: that's a no-brainer. I mean, not even aHassaan Ahmad: So and and you can export all of your context from GPT toNicholas Clarkson: conversation.Hassaan Ahmad: claude pretty seamlessly. So that's the one thing they have figured out and it's so cool.Nicholas Clarkson: How How do IHassaan Ahmad: I I don't know because I don't use GPT, but if you Google it,Nicholas Clarkson: doHassaan Ahmad: you should find some guides that would enable you to take all of the context that you have in GPT, everything it knows about you and just put it in Claude. So Claude's doing it right now. Claude's got this marketplace with the connectors and so forth. The connectors are free. Obviously, you need a subscription to the tool to do what what what it does. But fusible the way I see the future is fusible becomes the source of record for entity data. You have your ERP, you have your CRM, you have your entity data management solution, EDMS, whatever you want to call it, right?  
00:14:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Claude or whatever the LLM the person's using because one person's done it, everybody will do it. It calls on the tool and gets the information from there. I think that's your play. And the sooner you do it, theNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. I I mean it's that that's what I've been sort of saying in a few conversations is you don't even need to be inHassaan Ahmad: better.Nicholas Clarkson: the system. You could be in Slack, you could be in Teams, you could be in your GPT and you just ask a or it it's telling you, right? It's like it's thought. It's gone. Did you know these documents are all expiring this week? You've got these events coming up. You're almost removing the need for a dashboard because it's going this this is the stuff on your agenda this week. You might wantHassaan Ahmad: you. So you're not just doing that.Nicholas Clarkson: toHassaan Ahmad: You're what you're also doing is you're removing the need for a person in the middle.  
00:15:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: So if you're a treasurer, you don't need a team. The interface becomes treasurer, claude, tool, answer. Whereas it would be treasurer,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: team of analysts,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: bunch of tools, a bunch of days and then the answer. I firmly believe that LLMs will become the next operatingNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: system for how people interact with machines, but LLMs are only as good as the data that they're getting.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the category that you play in.Nicholas Clarkson: Well, it's there's um yeah, I mean looking at open claw, there's this you call it like the orchestration layer, right? That's where open claw is that it's it's I mean it's not open claw is not the answer,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: right? But that the the pathway is definitely correct that you know you can have an account that that connects to every single LLM. can access any of them and you have an orchestration layer.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Nicholas Clarkson: You build those agents and then they can go and do whatever they want, right?  
00:16:32
 Nicholas Clarkson: That and they they they've got a autonomy as well, right? You said you are a specialist in this, right? And when when you you're going on your knowledge but when you need to update that to check for example the regulatory current regulatory landscape then talk to the research agent to go and do and then come back and report to your line manager which is another agent and the line manager you know and and it's that where it's like you've then got a team of 20 people. You've literally built a team with a a hierarchical structure. Sometimes they need to overlap. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: and that, you know, I want to be able to, you know, it's easy to say that, but for me, the goal is like, well, dev team, you build it, but I want to keep updating that and I want to do that through natural language. And I go, ah, we we need to talk about transfer pricing. Chuck it in. And I talk to the agent and he goes, I've updated up my knowledge base, right?  
00:17:28
 Nicholas Clarkson: You know, it's so I don't want to go dev team put this in the code.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: you we need to get to natural language form internally to then do you know what I mean like then it's justHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: like holy s*** you could unlock all sorts ofHassaan Ahmad: Let let me show you something. I know every single time we talk,Nicholas Clarkson: insightsHassaan Ahmad: we just go into all of these things. I want you to read this message, right? Actually, what I wanted was an automation that if a meeting is booked, it automatically gets an MQL and then an SQL and so forth. At the top, you would see chat, co-work, and code. Yeah. So, I'm in co-work mode. It asked me a bunch of things. It gave me a lot of different ways. Set up Zapier, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. I was like, screw this. This is not the best use of my time. I will figure this out.  
00:18:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: Can you go through my calendar, grab external meetings? I'll tell you which ones are leads and then you can go and create those deals in atio since you have access to both.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: These are my meetings for this week. Well, at that time, these were my meetings for this week.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I told them these are the SQLs go for one and six. It updated everything. It updated their so it created them as SQL. It inputed the information that I asked it to like it just it it it updated the source campaigns and so forth. This was exactly as you're saying and this is happening now. It's not the future. It's literally happening now. I think we are probably the 1% or 2% in the world that are interfacing with the machines this way,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? Which means that the rest of the world will be catching up in the next 2 3 5Nicholas Clarkson: Not everybody thinks this way though,  
00:19:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: years.Nicholas Clarkson: right? Like I am just you need that curiosity going I not only do I need it but I want to for myself because I'm interested like it starts there,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: right? No one told you.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: You're going I want to know because I am fascinated about this world. It's not it's not out of fear.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: It's because you just it's just so interesting.Hassaan Ahmad: itNicholas Clarkson: So, can you I mean I'm gonna I'm gonna jump ship.Hassaan Ahmad: is.Nicholas Clarkson: Can you say you have a Zapia or make account you you can get that to then build the automations for you asHassaan Ahmad: I haven't tried it yet.Nicholas Clarkson: well?Hassaan Ahmad: But the whole thing with cowwork is that it works with you.Nicholas Clarkson: It will do.Hassaan Ahmad: So it works in the tools. So for example, it's doing stuff within Etio for me. It's doing stuff within my Gmail. So it drafts my emails if I want it to, etc., etc. I am very curious about doing stuff in Zapia  
00:20:11
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: myself, but I'm going to let my co-founder Adnan kind of handle that because he's more curious.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean that that that's the you think about the business process automation. And it's like you get um a response in Hey Reach and you know it's you've got to figure out a response and it goes you know post that response into Slack um oh yeah post a response in Slack suggest a reply and put an approve or reject button in there and it's like I then don't even have to go into the system you know because you've got all these endless whatever strings ofHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Huh?Nicholas Clarkson: communication and it's like that is a a zapure or a make workflow which would be tricky forHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: a human unless you live in there but if claw co-work can go okay I know what you want you know give it the API key it's like okay I've built that it's now going into this channel on your you know and it's like it now understands your language and how to do objection handling it looks at the profile the company you know you can do search for intent signals like oh my  
00:21:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: goodness search on Reddit and find anyone talking about these 25 topics and report back to me and youHassaan Ahmad: Mhm. It does.Nicholas Clarkson: knowHassaan Ahmad: It does it today. And I use it to do a lot of that stuff today.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah the the big challenge there is like it's like you get so excitable that you want to do everything at once and you've got toHassaan Ahmad: Um,Nicholas Clarkson: go right top three okay just just focus stop there it's likeHassaan Ahmad: so I had to build guard rails in claude. So one thing that you can do in claude I don't know if you can do in GPT or the others is you you create skills. So skills are think of them as blueprints or guidelines for specific things. So I've got a skill that is working with Hassan, right? That skill tells God how I like to work, how to talk to me. What are what are some of the issues that I struggle with that I should be mindful about?  
00:22:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: One of the things that I struggle with is I get excited about building. So, I've hardcoded it in the skill that the next time I'm trying to build something, ask me where does it rank in my list of priorities that it prompts thatNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: question and it makes me reflect and I'm like, okay, not a priority.Nicholas Clarkson: Exactly. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Move on and I've I've told.Nicholas Clarkson: You end up bu you end up building up this sort of anxiety level because you're just it's like oh my god you want it's likeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: kid in a candy store and you don't know you know it's just this endless noise.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: It's like if I just fix these three major process items this week that would be a massive win next week. Okay. I'll do the next batch. Right. I'm I'm terrible like that. Um, so I guess I literally get anxiety because I just see the world of opportunity and I want to do it all now and it's like it's kind of  
00:23:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: harmful.Hassaan Ahmad: you should spend some time with it. I would highly recommend getting the max plan. Yeah, the $100 or 90 pounds one.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Export all of your context from GPT into Claude and then um the next thing that I would do actually is just give it one of those tasks. Give it your highest priority task and don't the way I work with it is I just say, "Hey, this is what I want to do. walk me through how you would do it or the best way of doing it.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So I use it as a planner first and then I get it to execute and it's just fascinating to see how it kind of considers all the options and you can tell it you know what you want to look at and so forth. One of the things that I cannot do to save my life is code.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So every single time and this is something that I've added in working with us like don't tell me anything that requires coding.  
00:24:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: If it requires coding go ahead and do it mate. It just does it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, it's just wonderful. I think it would unlock a lot of productivity forNicholas Clarkson: Do you have that brief on because I I could maybe I'll I mean wouldn't be the if it's got personalHassaan Ahmad: you.Nicholas Clarkson: stuff, right? You know, his I don't know whatever but like an outlier cuz work you know I have the same thing and it starts talking in in it'sHassaan Ahmad: I could probably ask it to I would just tell it that I want to giveNicholas Clarkson: likeHassaan Ahmad: it to someone. So, how would it create two or three things um for you and I can send them across to you.Nicholas Clarkson: you can even do I'm just thinking out loud it's like I use tick tick or or things through and it's like you know you don't go in and create those tasks yourself. Just put put these tasks in and schedule them as you would see fit. And you know, it's like it's a because I still email myself stuff that I think I need to do that's important.  
00:25:15
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um, and it's like my inbox is full of stuff for me.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: It's like I just talk to my agent like whilst I've got it in my head, put this create a task, create this task,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: it's urgent, whatever, critical, it's feasible, personal, whatever.Hassaan Ahmad: So, so here's what you should do. Install it, right? So, you would need to install the desktop or Mac app. Install that. Go into cowwork, give it access to your email, and then give it exactly this task. Just say, "Hey, I've got a bunch of emails from me, which contains tasks and notes and whatever. I want you to read all of those emails, summarize or list everything there, right? And then I want you to go and prioritize them for me as well. Then I will tell you if that's the priority. look at that list and then whatever you like just say can you go and schedule that into my um into myNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: calendar. I use Gmail so it's got a Google calendar connector and a Gmail connector so I can read my emails and put tasks in.  
00:26:15
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Saves my life. Saves my life because I wake up at 3:00 a.m. and I send myself an email because I have a thought at that time and if I don't do that I just can't sleep after that. It just doesn't.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Love it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. All right.Nicholas Clarkson: Kindred spirits, my friend.Hassaan Ahmad: Um we Sorry.Nicholas Clarkson: I'm thinking that there's kindred spirits on this. This is the vanguard, the frontier,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: and you got to be at the the tip of the spear.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Absolutely, mate. Right.Nicholas Clarkson: This is the great thing is this is coming you know this was previously in the dev world right it's now coming into the hands of the people with the ideas and the the strategists of this world the future belongs toHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely,Nicholas Clarkson: them which isHassaan Ahmad: man. Absolutely. I'm really excited about it. I think this is this such a good way of working with machines and it's only it's the worst that it could ever be.  
00:27:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: It will only get better from here. Speaking of worst that it could ever be,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um I'm really pleased with how the posts have performed.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: You might remember, if you don't remember, I'll show you. Um, so the previous ones that we were doing, which I've now switched off, not this one. Where is it? Uh, new website. This one. The best CTR that we got was Roland at 3.28. Yeah. What we're getting now with the new stuff that we've done isNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: as predicted. The worst was 2 something. The best is at 12.5. This is amazing stuff. There are people who are reading your posts.Nicholas Clarkson: Awesome.Hassaan Ahmad: The worst performing post is being read for 10.69 seconds, 10.41,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: 13.13. Like this is amazing stuff. So, we know that the message is resonating. People are reading it, people are reacting to it,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.  
00:28:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: people are clicking through and so forth. Now, we have a formula and I've got the new posts for you. So, it's the same file. I've done W2, so week 2 posts.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I was just adding the UTM. So, once I'm done, I will send them to you. Um, do the same thing.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Just do the posts and then that should unlock the next phase that we could do. Just one thing that I would call out is so for W2P2 and W well for W2P2 I've got two versions.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The first one is I've I've worded it as a battle story. So you're saying I watched an entity reconciliation demo with a CFO last month. I know from personal experience that this will outperform the other one. The only reason why there's two of those is I wasn't sure if this is something you would want toNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: say. I don't see a harm in  
00:29:21
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: it.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. Well, let me let me take a view. I mean, how is anyone to know to be honest?Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. Right. So,Nicholas Clarkson: there.Hassaan Ahmad: I would I would do P2 the first version if you're okay with it rather than the second version.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: um simply because I know these things perform really well.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um have a read.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I would add the UTMs to all of them anyway. So you don't have to go in and edit them later. We'll just put them. Yes, we would suffer from some initial LinkedIn throttling because we will be putting an external link in. But screw it. We're going to throw money at it anyway. So,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: might as well just reduce the lift from you. Biples are ready. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: these are all modeled after the formula that has already worked.  
00:30:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, I expect that we would see more of these and less of these. Okay, make sense?Nicholas Clarkson: Makes sense. Okay. All right.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, but yeah, that's just when it's ready. Let me know and I'll do it. Um there's the the rolly thing obviously just so that I think theHassaan Ahmad: perfect.Nicholas Clarkson: instruction to him would be take out the UTM and because groups will will sometimes reject uh promotional material but they did people do check out my profile the company willHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: follow us.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um but it you know like that impressions sometimes we get several thousand impressions which just boostsHassaan Ahmad: Yes. But are there specific groups that you or Roy would be able to provide us with?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yes. Um, yeah, it depends on the audience, right? Some of them are real estate, some of them are finance, some of them are tax, some of them like it's a mixed bag across the functions.  
00:31:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: So, it won'tHassaan Ahmad: Reason I'm asking that is because we can either boost the post to members of those groups or you can go down the organic route. INicholas Clarkson: I think do the organic because I you know that those groups sometimes are filled with sales people or otherHassaan Ahmad: wouldNicholas Clarkson: software companies. SoHassaan Ahmad: you wouldn't be posting in the group.Nicholas Clarkson: it'sHassaan Ahmad: What you would be posting is if somebody has let's say they follow or they're in the diligent group, they would start seeing your post on their feed. So that's who we wouldNicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: target.Nicholas Clarkson: the problem is I just don't know the quality of the membership. All I know is it's high volume and you know if it gets accepted that's all free andHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: organic and Roelly can just take all your stuff from last week and go right you go Roland just repurpose these into the some of the biggest groups. Um, and that's like the step whatever step four,  
00:32:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: right? You you create the post, I schedule them, you boost them, and then Roelly takes cutouts of those without the URL, and he just chucks them into a few groups and and we just keep circulating that. I think I love the more content strategy, and it now it's now it's really honed in on on the topic areas. Curiously yesterday a guy reached out out of the blue a guy from Globin and he was like I need to speak to youHassaan Ahmad: Go.Nicholas Clarkson: and he goes I've been talking to the guys at Deote about what you've been doing I'm really excited he goes there's a whole opportunity in audit and you know like audits have to be careful where they they do an audit on a group and then they realize that they have a um what do you call itHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: an association with one of the subsidiaries in the group and therefore they cannot do the audit and he goes there's a much wider opportunity and that post was one that landed you know everybody's  
00:33:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: hair stuck up on end so leading into the you know I don't want to say exclusively but like a good it's obviously people are scared by audits right you know it's likeHassaan Ahmad: ThatNicholas Clarkson: and just it's just just there just there it came up again and I said to him by the way we did a post and the auditHassaan Ahmad: isNicholas Clarkson: one was the one that really really hit home. UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah, it's you know what it's you know where you've got a conflict of interestHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I know what Yeah. Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: that kind of that kind ofHassaan Ahmad: they call it restricted relationships.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, this is a really good angle. Who else does it? Lawyers. Okay, this is a really good angle. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: because you are absolutely right. But how would they do it? Let me have a think about it. This is a good good angle.  
00:34:35
 Nicholas Clarkson: He proactively reached out and he goes, "Honestly, there's a massive opportunity here." And that's just the pre- audit diligence. Then you're into the audit and then the client should be using it and then you know the system of record for the client like you know we just as all these top service providers the Mckenzies the Deoites and EY there is a bloodbath coming they are they know it and they need tech solutions like ours to build rebuild their moes. So we are, you know, we need more capability,Hassaan Ahmad: Here'sNicholas Clarkson: but we're at the cusp of of helping them solve that problem,Hassaan Ahmad: a question for you.Nicholas Clarkson: right?Hassaan Ahmad: Can we map CRM data to the entity group? And what I mean by that is you've got Deote, which is a group of companies, right? So, UK, US, etc., etc. Within Deote UK, you would have four or five different practice areas. You would have advisory, tax, audit, etc., etc.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: All of those will need or will they will have their information in a CRM, a salesforce or something.  
00:35:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: So the question is can we take that CRM data and map it to the entity so that everyNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: single time somebody goes I don't know how we would do it but basically what we could get to is if a deoid UK audit person is looking at uh Apple UK relationship they can instantly see that tax has a relationship there or tax advised of them 16 months ago and they're still in that cool off period where they can't do something new forNicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: them.Nicholas Clarkson: exactly that. I mean, it'd be like, well, first, this is back to our credit safe integration. It's like, okay, we've there's a new client, they've got 100 entities. Build their 100 entities. check against these hund check these 100 entities against our restricted relationship list and report back where where they exist and and then it goes ahHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: okay here and that's the first first stepHassaan Ahmad: love it.Nicholas Clarkson: it's not necessarily our angle right but I I I certainly you know if this is a hook for us to resonate with the advisory fans then that they'll see actually we're a post audit a post d post DD M&A you know we fusible survives it's the system of record it's you know we sit above ERPs treasury systems with the governance system of record in that sense it's like everyone goes can you integrate with X it's like it's the other way around visible is like it's the top architectural layer  
00:37:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, absolutely. And this is really strong. And in terms of it's,Nicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: you know, whether it brings the right people in or not, that doesn't really matter because what happens is once you put a post out there, if it resonates with people, the algorithm likes it, people start interacting with it, the algorithm likes it a bit more, the reach just explodes.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll show you an example of that.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: When the reach explodes,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: what happens is you start one, your cost per impression goes really low. you start coming in front of more and more people and people start mentally they start placing you in a in a in a box somewhere, right? So the next time somebody says entity management, fusible pops up and that stuff compounds, it compounds quickly. Um I've got a proof point for you. So four weeks ago I started p posting every single day. Two weeks ago I started boosting those posts or two or three weeks ago.  
00:38:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yesterday I got my first lead from a post. Like that stuff just compounds. So it wasn't a person that I was targeting but it just happened in terms of how cheap it can get.Nicholas Clarkson: Wow. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, man. That's not the best one. The best one is So, this one I spent 219 on it. Look at these stats. Like, it's justNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. And you still don't know to the extent somebody might have looked at you now and then in in four weeks and go,Hassaan Ahmad: crazy.Nicholas Clarkson: "Ah, yeah, I bookmarked that company and now I'm going to reach out." And it it's they always say thatHassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Nicholas Clarkson: with with influencers, right? Just get into the habit of posting on a cadence, right? And don't don't expect the audience to appear but just that discipline over time if you're doing the right messaging to the right audiences you growth will come and it's the sameHassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: philosophy  
00:39:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. And then the the cadence then becomes or the reason why I'm doing it isNicholas Clarkson: rightHassaan Ahmad: I'm using it to build a retargeting audience. So I'm building an audience. So what what I'm tracking is I'm using this as a mechanism to send people to my landing page. Where is it? Clicks to landing page. So 467 people have gone to my landing page just because of my posts. I've got a tracking pixel in the landing page that is capturing all of these people. Right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The thinking is they liked the message enough and they got curious enough that they went to the landing page, but they weren't in the mindset or at least some of them weren't in the mindset to make a decision then. So now they're aware that I exist, aware of the problem that I solve, aware of the way I solve it. What I've now got to do is nudge them continuously till they move along that awareness path to a point where they are ready to make a  
00:40:40
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: decision. What's happening then is when I go into my audiences,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm tracking these guys. So, webpage visitors. So, once it gets to a certain number, I will then start targeting them with ads, conversion ads. very specific because I know that these guys already know about me. Yeah. So that's what we would do for you as well. You already have a few audiences being created. So you've got your list, the page widget, that's that stuff we started already. So we would continue doing that till we have enough of aNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: volume of people to get there with. There's another thing that you can do and this is what I would like you to do as well is to do product videos. I know you have an aversion to it, but the way it works is you make people aware through your thought leader posts. Then you target them with your product video. So you show them little snippets, not a lot, just little snippets, enough to get them excited.  
00:41:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: And then you target them with conversion ads. So you're moving them along that awareness journey and and become really well they're very likely to convertNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: then yeah I got so I've been doing it for a month well this sprint that I'm doing I am getting plenty of meetings enough that you know I was thinking about stopping the campaigns for me but I've stopped I' I've tried not to do it butNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: this needs to be a layered approach so we've already started the ball rolling on the first one so we'll continue doing that going forward we'd layer that as well yeah um that is if you're happy to continue I know you wanted to talkNicholas Clarkson: No,Hassaan Ahmad: aboutNicholas Clarkson: I I think we're unlocking the the pathway, right? And I, you know, I' it depends on affordability and the rest of it, but like I'd rather it continue on some level until we've unlocked the next funding tranch.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: So, I' I' I'd rather do that than than stop. But there's a whole few things about um yeah, bridge round and when the funding round opens.  
00:43:14
 Nicholas Clarkson: So, but we're coming up to that point. So, we'll have that conversation. I mean, you what have you thought about putting a chatbot on your on your website? Because you could have an agent that knows stuff and people could talk to the agent that operates like a human that can answer questions without you ever having to answer for them and it speaks the way you do. And it might be able to sort of convert somebody toHassaan Ahmad: That's a very fascinating idea, Nick. Uh,Nicholas Clarkson: aHassaan Ahmad: I've thought about it, but call me delusional or whatever. I think what I well the service that we provide can be provided by anybody on the surface right anybody can come in and say hey we'll run your campaigns and do leads and so forth the differentiator why I'm able to land clients um one in every two meetings that I get is people just come to the call and they talk to me and they speak to the team and they're like well this is way better quality than what some of the others  
00:44:20
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. I I mean I agree with that when you talk to them, right? But there's some who go, I don't have time for a meeting,Hassaan Ahmad: are.Nicholas Clarkson: but you know, a bit like the the lovables or some open AI, right? You land on their website and they have the text block bit and immediately it's like ask me something, right? and and you could build it in a natural language format where it starts to get inside their heads because it'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: speaking like you and it's like for those that aren't quite ready, it's like, "Oh my god, I'm getting this natural language is just literally psychologically pushing me to a core where then it's it's it's it's even warmer than the previous one." you know, your your problem is to h you know, I know you're solving that with Claude, but it's the human bottleneck. And if you have a natural language chatbot that really understands how you think, it can do do a lot of that work.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: It's a it's an SDR on some level and it's it's hard to achieve, but you but we're on the we're you know, the days of silly chat bots that behave like robots is is done.  
00:45:24
 Nicholas Clarkson: We're on the cusp ofHassaan Ahmad: I really like that idea. Um what it could actually do is just answer questions. So you know when someone like you comes on the website they have question about messaging or something something really that's bothering them and in their mind at that time. If the chatbot can do that, man, that could be anNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Or it's like, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: unblock.Nicholas Clarkson: what's your biggest pick your biggest pain point of these four items and then, you know, then it roots them through a specific subset of those topics and it's like here's a few, you know, a little bit of free advice. Think about this. You know, if you want to explore it further, I can schedule a call with the team. you can talk to them, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Nicholas Clarkson: and it's like I mean I've thought about that but you know this this was kind of before we were you know so easy to to whip up right but like you did with that  
00:46:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: um cursor cursor yeah I mean it's like you couldn't have done that two months ago or even a month ago probably not not and it's the same for chat bots if you you know if theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: chatbot is speaking like you and offering some value up front all of a sudden they're like surely s*** Yeah, these guys really are on the on the bleeding edge of of go toHassaan Ahmad: I like it.Nicholas Clarkson: market.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm gonna ask Claude how to figure that out. Shouldn't be that hard, I think. But we'll see.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Well, now you know now know how I speak. You know all of our problems,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: the problems that we we address. You know, you know what? Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: No, I think that's good. Wait, on that, I know you're now recording all of your calls with ATO.Nicholas Clarkson: Amen.Hassaan Ahmad: Um h how is it how is the output structured? Is it through like does it just get recorded in ATO as a text file or how would you export it if you needed  
00:47:19
 Nicholas Clarkson: Uh,Hassaan Ahmad: toNicholas Clarkson: let me show you. I mean, I So, it's more the sales. I'm not recording this one, but um for sales.Hassaan Ahmad: are what I care aboutNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. SoHassaan Ahmad: you on the bigger screen.Nicholas Clarkson: um I mightHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: not necessarily have all my recorded, but let's pick it up to you. There you go. So the call's there. Um and it's it's got the the transcript.Hassaan Ahmad: Huh?Nicholas Clarkson: So if you go into the you might have to get this enabled, right? This is the AI command center and it's like it it has the transcript whateverHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: summarizer video call with it you so itHassaan Ahmad: This is so good.Nicholas Clarkson: so itHassaan Ahmad: They need to upgrade to Claude. Oh,Nicholas Clarkson: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: found it.Nicholas Clarkson: there they go. That's pretty good, huh?Hassaan Ahmad: It is really good. How many of these do you have the calls?  
00:48:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: Can you go to the call thingy? So below that where you have emails and then calls. Oh, you could do that.Nicholas Clarkson: It's quick as well. There youHassaan Ahmad: Seven.Nicholas Clarkson: go.Hassaan Ahmad: I would love to get the transcripts if you can share them with me. Just ask it. How can we Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: This might beHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: tricky.Hassaan Ahmad: that's the problem. Go to calls. So, you have all the calls. Click on anyone. No. So, click on them. So, maybe not the check-in call, intro call, maybe Treasury Finance. That was two minutes. Um, Mandia,Nicholas Clarkson: Treasure.Hassaan Ahmad: that was 21. Okay. So, you've got the transcript. Okay. When you get Claude, connect it to Etio and see if it can pull the transcripts.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If it dump them into a folder and share that with me.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What I would do is the system that I've now got which I'm training in your voice and stuff um  
00:50:34
 Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: with my voice. I would use the transcripts for context on pain points and stuff and that should give us some ammo for future posts.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If not we'll continue the path that we're doing.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But we now know that the war stories resonate really well.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So we use I call it tribal language. the the words and phrases that people are using to talk about their problem.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If we can extract it and we can feed that to the system, the system just gets so much better. So, we'll do that and um over time over the next couple ofNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: weeks, we'll lean slightly more into conversion for you. So, right now it's more about awareness of the problem. Once we once we start getting some hard signals on this is the problem that people care about then we'll start layering some posts which would be okay now we know this is the problem people care about so what's the next step people asking so what do I do about it so we'll just start doing that a bit more but yeah man  
00:51:35
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think we've got a we're building a flywheel here and this is when it starts working which should be in a couple of weeks should veryNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. in at By the way, you can build research agents. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Nicholas Clarkson: so yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: you can build your own agent.Nicholas Clarkson: I show you if you want. So it does um and you can get it to do whatever you want.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So and you you get so many credits. So I go in here um invest corp. Uh so sometime in fact I tell you what I do it in our investor pipeline right so this is this is one for investors so the research agent um has got it own it's seeing if it's a fit for investment and what theirHassaan Ahmad: Uh, hold on.Nicholas Clarkson: ticket sizes are actually I do on sales because it's probably more relevant but like invest um research deal score for example that's a bad bad example I've got others where it it does the deal score,  
00:52:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: but it also explains why. So, it's like entity complexity. Um, some of them actually give you a score and they say why and they go, "This is an international group active in M&A, you know, it's got all those." So, it it does that automatically. So, you know, I can look at the list and I can go in and I can batch I can batch score them. D. So you can see here deal score operates with 10 plus legal entities signs off to all fragmentation da da da right it's all there it's all part of the knowledge base well I I basically have to go intoHassaan Ahmad: It's creating it itself. That's amazing. You gave it aNicholas Clarkson: like the yeah I go into the attributes and then I like you knowHassaan Ahmad: blueNicholas Clarkson: create a research agent and if I go you know this basically it's the prompt it's a research agent and I do this and that's per per pipeline.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: So it can re research the company can score the company.  
00:53:54
 Nicholas Clarkson: I mean I I imagine for your world this is hyper relevant too.Hassaan Ahmad: It's Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: So atio it's just pure CRM but perfect.Hassaan Ahmad: it's amazing. I love honestly I so I've used aNicholas Clarkson: That's what Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: CRM pretty much since the first day I started working in my life. Well, I've hated CRM. I've hated the admins so much so that when I would have my reviews, I would get exceeds expectation, exceeds expectation, exceeds exceeds exceeds. When it would come to admin and CRM hygiene, they'd be like, "Dude, why? Why?" And I'd just be like,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: "I'd much rather sell and be in front of the customer than spend a day updating the notes. This is just amazing.Nicholas Clarkson: Oh, I mean I actually enjoy it and the comments thing which is just so because you don't need to pick up the phone, talk on Slack or anything like that. It's just like what's going on with this, you know, act such and such triggers the workflow and it's like you go from being blind to being able to  
00:54:57
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: see that it's and now you've you got Claude Claude plugged into it.Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: Claude can do it forHassaan Ahmad: Man, the um the brief that I was talking about,Nicholas Clarkson: you.Hassaan Ahmad: like that's going to be such an unlock for us. Um where is it? I'm going to try to find mine and see if I can show it to you. I don't know if it fixed what I was Okay. Yeah, I think it was fine. So, it was capturing some Where is it? It's not giving me the option.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, sorry man. For some reason, it just didn't want to play ball. Anyways, where is that here? So, this was a brief that it created and I asked it to summarizeNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: everything. So, it was so now it's summarizing all of my calls. So, this is what we talked about.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: This is what we talked about. This is the context that this is what you do,  
00:56:29
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: what we are delivering, who are the key people, client sensitivities, etc., etc. This is something I whipped up yesterday,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: so it's a work in progress. But I can go from just having a call to updating this and then the entire team just knows that this is here. If they ever want to know something because multiple people are having the conversation with a client ideally, right? If they are, this becomes the single source of truth. So it's not even in the calls. Probably I could have just done that by recording calls in ETU, but I don't want to be locked in and not be able to export my trans.Nicholas Clarkson: It does join as a participant which irritates me.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's that's one thing I don't like.Nicholas Clarkson: If you but if you go to the home area that you know that transcript is quite long or somebody can go in andHassaan Ahmad: ButNicholas Clarkson: go tell me about this deal read the notes and give me a 50 word synopsis of what it because that's part of the AI knowledge base again you  
00:57:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: know it's just feeding the machine more and more all ofHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: itHassaan Ahmad: I wonder if that leads to lock in though. Like tomorrow when it becomes too much for me, what do I do?Nicholas Clarkson: no I don't ATA is not thatHassaan Ahmad: Because that's what these SAS companies do, right? SAS company and I know all these dirty tricks they wouldNicholas Clarkson: expensive.Hassaan Ahmad: play.Nicholas Clarkson: It's not that expensive at though.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: It really isn't.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm on that pro plan, so I think it's okay for now.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Anyways. Okay. Good stuff,Nicholas Clarkson: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: man. So, I will keep the posts coming.Nicholas Clarkson: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, it's ready. You already have the file. I'll share the link with you again once I've added all the UTMs.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, schedule them now because the UTMs are in there. You don't need to do anything else. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: again, same cadence, say 45 a.m. every morning.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And I will then reach out to Rolley and ask him to post in groups.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And yeah, we'll take it from there.Nicholas Clarkson: Awesome, dude. Good chat. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. No worries.  
Transcription ended after 00:58:56

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
