---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Yvonne Karongo <> Hassaan: Meeting – 2025/09/17 11:53 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:36:55.398Z
meeting_date: 2025-09-17T11:33:14.393Z
---


Yvonne Karongo <> Hassaan: Meeting - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Uh feeding back to the product teams and so forth. Um the third thing with your permission of course would be to potentially use this for a case study, right? If you're okay with that. But if we go down that route, we'll share the material with you. You'll have full visibility and you can see what is it that we're going to say. Okay.Yvonne Karongo: for sure on on the last one on case study. I'd have to check with um the guys in the company, but as you've said, you can look through whatever it is you want to share before presenting.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly right. And I, you know, I've done this before. You know, legal might have a say, you know, there's going to be branding, etc., etc. that we need to do. Obviously, we can't put some numbers out. Um, so we'll adhere to all of that, right? So, but don't worry, the conversation that we have today will be for internal purposes only.  
00:00:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: Anything external will go through you first. Okay?Yvonne Karongo: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Wonderful. Um, did you have any questions, any comments before we got started?Yvonne Karongo: Um, no, no, I think it's it's clear. Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Amazing. So, um, by the way, am I pronouncing your name correctly? Is it do you pronounce that as Ivonne or is it something else?Yvonne Karongo: You're correct.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Yvonne Karongo: People in this in in my country, including my relatives, mispronounce it. So, you're doing well.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Where whereabouts are you?Yvonne Karongo: I'm in Nairobi, Kenya.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Again, I've never been to Africa and Nairobi is one of the places I really want to visit for some reason.Yvonne Karongo: You need you need to you need to plan.Hassaan Ahmad: You know, I just see I've heard I'm originally from Pakistan, but I've been living in London for a very long time.Yvonne Karongo: Yeah, it's a lovely place. Where are you from?Hassaan Ahmad: Um, I've done pretty much If I show you outside, it's just terrible.  
00:01:45
 Yvonne Karongo: Yeah, you need some good weather. You need good weather, my friend.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, I don't know how bad you can see, but that's the city of it.Yvonne Karongo: Oh my goodness.Hassaan Ahmad: It It looks like one of those cities from Gotham, you know, Batman series. Yeah, it's Yeah, it's going to be like that for I think the next few months till we get summer at Glen.Yvonne Karongo: Wow. Okay. You you need to travel. Chances are you might come and do not want to go back.Hassaan Ahmad: Hi.Yvonne Karongo: But uh we'll we'll see when you come.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the risk. That's why I don't come.Yvonne Karongo: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. So, Ivan, the first question I'm going to start and um I'm going to keep it very very broad, right? Is what were you trying to achieve when you chose Fusible, right? Why were you in the market in the first place?Yvonne Karongo: All right. Um, I'll be honest by starting the conversation by saying I wasn't there at the beginning when we were looking for the tool, but I have since kind of understood what they're looking for.  
00:02:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: Huh?Yvonne Karongo: So, my understanding is that we were in the market for a tool that would help with governance matters. Yeah. because we have all our we we we we have a wide range of companies across Africa and we wanted a central place apart from Google Drive where we could find all our company documents, our minutes, our director KYC'sHassaan Ahmad: Huh?Yvonne Karongo: um our general company documents but at the same time also be able to have um the company structure a place where we can look at a glance and say okay because regulators will ask us for our company structure all the time. So, we needed a place where we would easily pull that out from and it's a central place of truth cuz sometimes you'll ask someone for the structure, they'll give you one thing, they forgot to change something, the other person has changed. So, there's no point of truth currently. Yeah, apart from Google Drive, but there all these folders and all these people have access to make changes. Another thing was for us to be able to monitor across our entities how we are doing in terms of reporting.  
00:03:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Yvonne Karongo: So in some markets we are licensed by the central banks and we're required to make um frequent reports either monthly, weekly, quarterly, annually and the like. Um or even just general corporate reports to the company's registries, tax returns across the market. So again, we wanted a central place where we can monitor are these returns being done? Are they being filed on time? Who's in charge of it? Can we send reminders to them? So as a monitoring tool to ensure that we are uh being compliant with uh making our various returns and reports across our markets. Those are the two main um items for purposes we needed the two for. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. And can you describe your process for both of these separate tasks? So the first one is staying on top of your governance, your entity structure, knowing what's what, where the directors, etc., etc. And the second one being um the regulatory compliance for lack of a better word. So what did it look like before fusible?  
00:05:11
 Yvonne Karongo: So let me start with um the returns uh because that's still something we are still doing. We are waiting for the update on usable trend but at the moment uh up until last month we had no way of monitoring well we kind of had put up something on ClickUp in 2020 I think 2023 we had put like a global calendar on ClickUp so that you know people would get reminders but over time people stopped using it and there was no specific person to monitor um that that ClickUp task or project. Um, so then last month, was it last month? Yes. I actually created a tracker, but it's a spreadsheet. Again, it's also, you know, I have to go to individuals to actually ask, "Have you filed? Have you filed?" TheyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Yvonne Karongo: don't get notifications, per se. So, it's still very manual, but it's better than not having um a way to monitor. So right now we have a spreadsheet where we have all the returns listed for every market and the responsible person and then the company secretary every single every month has to follow up and say have you made your returns please mark the tracker to ensure that you know we're in um compliance.  
00:06:23
 Yvonne Karongo: Uh so with fusible then with the with the tool which I believe should be um coming up I think this month the capability this this week should be it will enable us to not have such manual work like we've already put the dates on fusible putting the person responsible they should get a reminder and we should be able to go on to fusible and see have they actually done it. Yeah. So that's on returns.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Yvonne Karongo: Um on on the other items we basically as I said have Google drive so we have a drive that's say called company secretary or cosec Africa then in that drive we have got a list of all the African markets there are over 20 so there are very many so then in each in each folder then you have to find various other folders whether it's on tax on finance on cosec on you know licensing etc See, so it's very and at the same time we still have another folder which is related like it's a brother to the company secretary folder but it's called risk and compliance.  
00:07:32
 Yvonne Karongo: So risk and compliance you open it you find the list of all other African markets again with various topics around risk and compliance.Hassaan Ahmad: What?Yvonne Karongo: So it's a lot of um different folders for different things for the same market. So it's everywhere and people have kind of different information or records. Some are updated, others are not updated. So it's all over the place at the moment. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. And is that something that you're doing with Fusible as well? Like as in have you started using Fusible for thisYvonne Karongo: Yes. So on feasible what we've done is we've updated all the markets in terms of their information. We filled in the name and uh the names of the directors and shareholders. Put in all their KYC documents there. We've also put in all the company documents, company registration documents, tax certificates, etc. Uh we're slowly putting in board minutes as well on there. So yeah, we want it to be one source of truth. Right now there are many sources of truth per se.  
00:08:38
 Yvonne Karongo: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And I, you know, I I want to ask what's I can instinctively tell why it matters, but what's the business consequence? quence of not having all of this in one place, of doing it manually, of relying on you know one person to or number of people to have ownership of it. Like why does this matter?Yvonne Karongo: I think the biggest one is dealing with auditors and regulators. We need to give them the correct information.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: Yeah. And and since as I said regulators will constantly and auditors will constantly be asking for this information.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: Um you could they could be be relating with one specific a different person for each market and the person needs documents for say the group power pay UK and they'll go to the folder because almost everyone has access to Google Google Drive but again as I said they're different folders so you don't really know whether the document you're looking for or picking out is updated. So you pick out what you have.  
00:09:46
 Yvonne Karongo: It says 2025 must be the latest update. Send it to the regulator. Send it to the, you know, to the auditors. So there's a risk of giving incorrect information to our regulators and auditors. Um, which then would not go well with them. Yeah. But while while on fusible you have one document for all those markets, remember on Google Drive whenever we make changes, we have all the files there. So you have files from 2024 December 2023, you know, 2025, January, 2025, June.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Yvonne Karongo: But on Fusible, you have the latest documents, the most updated documents, so that you don't have the risk of picking the wrong thing and sending it to to these guys.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that that makes sense and that was my instinct as well. Did that happen though? Like did did you go into situations where you know unexpectedly the wrong document was sent or an outdoor document was sent to an auditor or regulator and that created some issues or was that predominantly you trying to get ahead of that problem?  
00:10:51
 Yvonne Karongo: it's predominantly us trying to get ahead of the problem. Um but at the same time when it comes to the shareholding structure specifically I think at the moment we have different versions of that.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Gotcha.Yvonne Karongo: Yeah. So when merchants are doing their due diligence, we might sometimes be giving them something that's either not updated or does not have the correct shareholding percentages etc. So that's also one thing we are looking to work with fusible to actually have a really good view of exactly what the shareholding structure across our markets looks like. Then again it's one source of truth. So we just pull out just extract from the fusible tool and send it send it out here.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Gotcha. Okay. And was there a tipping point that made you prioritize solving this? Was it a certain size, an event? Like what made you decide that right now is the time to do this?Yvonne Karongo: That's a very good question and because I wasn't there at the beginning I may not know exactly how to answer but over time we have definitely grown in size in the number of companies that are across the market  
00:11:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Yvonne Karongo: and also in terms of the regulators that have licensed us. So we having more requests over time.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Yvonne Karongo: Yeah. So for sure for sure those must be some of the tipping points that um made us start looking for.Hassaan Ahmad: All right, makes sense. Um, when did you get involved with this? Like was it after Fusible was purchased um and implemented or or was that somewhere in the journey?Yvonne Karongo: So I came in I came in right before we signed the contract.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Yvonne Karongo: We had like a period of testing. So I came in in the midst of the testing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Yvonne Karongo: Um then I think a few months after I was in we signed the contract and then right after that is when I really really got engaged with the physical too. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. So, I'm I had a bunch of questions about that, but I'm going to ask you two and then we can move on. The first one was um what from your perspective, from your understanding, what was the most important criteria that you were looking for and what was it about Fusible that made you choose that as a solution?  
00:13:19
 Yvonne Karongo: Do I have an answer for that? I think over time the main discussion has been especially on the returns side monitoring of returns across our markets and that's something that fusible said you know we can solve this problem for you so I think that thatHassaan Ahmad: Watch.Yvonne Karongo: may have been one of the considerations I don't know the rest to be honest but that's a big one that's a big one for us Yeah, I' I'd be lying to you, my son.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. And is that what the business case was based on?Yvonne Karongo: I cannot tell on that one, honestly.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. No, no worries.Yvonne Karongo: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um I would love to know though, right? Because for us the biggest thing is understanding how you're talking about this internally, right? And uh and when you think about or when you would come to the end of your term with fusible you know you would look at the return on investment versus the investment you've made what are you looking rightYvonne Karongo: Yeah.  
00:14:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: if we understand that now we can start working towards it we can align ourselves to that and we can make sure that we're working towards delivering that for you. So if you could that would be very very helpful.Yvonne Karongo: Okay, I can work on that. I'm sorry. One minute.Hassaan Ahmad: No worries. That is perfectly okay.Yvonne Karongo: Can you hear me?Hassaan Ahmad: I can. Yeah.Yvonne Karongo: Okay, good. Sorry about that.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Yvonne Karongo: So, I can find out from um from the business actually today on that point on what the business case was for for us uh people.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh yeah, that would be very helpful.Yvonne Karongo: I can definitely check that out and send you an email on that.Hassaan Ahmad: Thank you so much.Yvonne Karongo: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh so so moving on Ivan then. Um you mentioned a few benefits that you're seeing off the bat, right? So you have a single source of truth. You have a way of staying on top or you will have a way of staying on top of the reporting and the compliance issues and you have view of your you know your your group structure and so forth.  
00:15:38
 Yvonne Karongo: Good morning.Hassaan Ahmad: What do you feel is the single biggest benefit that you've seen?Yvonne Karongo: So far I think one source of truth for company documents I know once the capability on monitoring returns kicks in it will be the biggest the biggest benefit for us because that's the biggest headache we're havingHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: at the momentum in terms of governance but right now although we have not gone fully into utilizing it we're still kind of using Google Drive um I can already see um once we make it you know the mainHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: tool then in terms of documents for the business and the company that would be that would be a big big benefit but biggest one that we are really waiting to see is this one on monetary of returns staying on top of our game with monitoring statuto returns.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And and do you have a view on what that would mean in terms of number of hours saved or how would you quantify that?Yvonne Karongo: Oh yeah that's that's that's a very good point because once in terms of looking for company documents right now as I said we are looking through a myriad of folders on Google drives um and sometimes you have more  
00:17:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: than one person looking so one person will look and then they say I don't have access to this folder please grant me access oh it's not me please look for so and so request for access and then the document comes up and we ask it doesn't seem updated please can you get an updated document so in terms man.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: It will definitely save quite a bit because then we know we can go to Zayat um for you know um a particular document that you can go invisible and pull it out.Hassaan Ahmad: Makes sense.Yvonne Karongo: Then it reduces number one the number of people you need to talk to and it also reduces the amount of time you you need to find.Hassaan Ahmad: When you say quiet, yeah, sorry, I was just uh you broke off a little so I thought um you you were done.Yvonne Karongo: Sorry, you asked me.Hassaan Ahmad: Apologies for cutting you off. I was going to say what is that? So I hear that it would save us a lot of time a lot of the time and I always and I always like to you know compare that.  
00:18:22
 Yvonne Karongo: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So what is it? If you had to put a number, doesn't have to be accurate. What would you say? How long does it take you today? Does it take 3 hours, 10 hours, 20 to do something to do a filing? Like what's what's the current and what what would you want to end up at?Yvonne Karongo: Um to do to do a fi did you say do a filing or to look for a document?Hassaan Ahmad: to do a filing which would involve looking for documents.Yvonne Karongo: Okay. So in terms of looking for the document it could take oh gosh depending on the document because there's the African market and there's the European markets and sometimes the company secretary in charge of the European markets is different from the one in charge of the African market. Um, it could take a day. Honestly speaking, it could take anywhere between an hour and 20 and 24 hours.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Gotcha. And that's you mentioned multiple people as well.  
00:19:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: So typically how many people would be involved?Yvonne Karongo: So it could be up to up to four maybe because if it's documents that relates to the European market or the European companies we have to go through one yeah it could be up to four people because you'llHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: find somebody will say I don't know did we have a board meeting in this particular market. I'm not aware. Then someone else comes in and says, "Oh, I remember there was a document shared in 2024. Let's look through this folder. Let me try find it." So, yeah, it could be up to four four people. If it's company documents, if it's bank documents, that's even worse. Um could be a larger number. Uh yeah, but in this case with Fusible, it would be one person basically.Hassaan Ahmad: and pretty instantaneous answers, right?Yvonne Karongo: Exactly. Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: Wow. Okay. Interesting. That that is very very interesting. We want I'm I'm conscious of time so I want to ask um maybe one more question and then we'll see if we have uh more time but this is quite powerful right so if I hear that correctly right now it takes you altogether about one mandate one mandate to collect the information requires four people can be longer if one of them is on holiday or if it's not the right person if that person wasn't etc. Okay.  
00:21:03
 Yvonne Karongo: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: Whereas the biggest benefit that you foresee for fusible could be or you expect that to be that the information will be available when you need it. It will be verifiable, trustable and defensible. Correct.Yvonne Karongo: Exactly. That's correct.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Amazing. I think I could use Yeah.Yvonne Karongo: You have something you can use for a report, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Although I did put words in your mouth. So, uh, sorry about that. So, let me let me kind of um ask ask you this question, right? Imagine you were talking to another company secretary, right?Yvonne Karongo: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: A colleague at another company who's facing the same issues that we've discussed here. Um, what would you tell them about Fusible?Yvonne Karongo: First of all, I tell them that um Fusible will help them get rid of all the million folders that everyone in the company keeps creating on Google Drive. Um it would help them manage their governance in terms of there'd be one source of truth.  
00:22:22
 Yvonne Karongo: There'd be limited access to the people who can change those documents or replace those documents which would give it more authenticity. Give the documents more authenticity. Then um it would help them monitor all their company filings and help them not to miss on dates and and if this information is required by executives uh in form of a report are we compliant which markets are we not compliant where have we delayed and that's data that's readily available otherwise manually handling this just becomes a total headache because you don't get updates as and when you need them. But on fusible once a failing has been done it's noted and so you're able to pull that out of the system. Um yeah I don't know that helps.Hassaan Ahmad: That that really helps. Can I use that as a quote?Yvonne Karongo: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. Okay. Thank you. Uh thank you so much for that. I think that's that's really powerful, right? And you've touched on few very important things which I can imagine being critical.  
00:23:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: um to to any colleague. That makes me wonder though, given how critical this is, what is a typical team at Power Pay look like that's responsible for staying on top of all of it right now?Yvonne Karongo: Mhm. So right now the main admin is the company secretary.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: Um at the moment we have one company secretary. Um well we we kind of have two. Yeah. But only one has access to fusible.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: Um, and that's the person who's responsible for making any major amendments like adding a company to the to the map, removing a company, switching shareholders on the map, adding documents, PTC, and then we've got um the regulatory officers across the markets where we are actually regulated, the um the head of tax and maybe one assistant just so that we are able able to they're the ones who are responsible when it comes to filings, tax filings, regulatoryHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: filings. So, they are the ones that receive the notifications to conduct the filing and updates the calendar once the filing has been done or if there's been a delay.  
00:24:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: So, it's mostly it's going to be the regulatory officers, the tax uh uh head head of tax and maybe one more person and the cost.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: Those are the main guys. handling feasible but the coc is the one who's got the admin role as a person who's going to change anything in relation to any of the companies.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Yvonne Karongo: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Of course. and the regulatory officers I imagine it's one for each country or one for each major country Right.Yvonne Karongo: Uh mostly but there are some that handle more than one country. So for example, I'll be handling I moved roles from coexam. I'll be handling Kenya and Ethiopia for example.Hassaan Ahmad: Go.Yvonne Karongo: So Ethiopia is regulated. So I need to fill out you know notify once filing has been done. Kenya will be regulated at some point. So I'll need to monitor that and you know make sure that filings are up to date. So there's some who are one country, others are more than one.  
00:26:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: All right, that that is good. Um, any resistance with the team in adapting it? Anything that we can help with?Yvonne Karongo: Um, speaking from experience, at the very beginning, I wasn't I was a bit confused by the tool, but it's because I hadn't really engaged with it. I think you need a couple of hours with the tool before you can fully understand it.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Yvonne Karongo: And I can already see that with the cos who's come in. um she's really trying to understand the tool. So I've been taking her through a couple of sessions um to just help her understand it. So I don't know whether it's the UI that that needs a change. I'm not sure what it is. Um but the more you engage with it, the easier it becomes and yeah, the easier it is to actually see it as a tool that's going to help us. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Well, if there's ever any question, I know Roland's usually been quite helpful.Yvonne Karongo: AllHassaan Ahmad: So, let us know, let Roland know and uh we can jump on.  
00:27:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: We can spend some time bringing new coc up to speed as well as, you know, working with the rest of the team and making sure that they're they're up to speed on this.Yvonne Karongo: right. Actually, some feedback on that. Um, they've been really responsive in terms of queries and and that's that's really awesome. I chat them on on Slack and Roland responds almost immediately.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Yeah.Yvonne Karongo: He even says, "Let's get on a call." Like, he's always available. So, that's a big one for us that he's actually always available. The dev team is always ready to, you know, make some changes um in the tool, you know, brainstorm on what else needs to be done.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, that's uh that's amazing to hear and u that's what Nick has been going for as well.Yvonne Karongo: So, there they've been really helpful so far.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, his his thing has been, you know, exceptional customer experience.Yvonne Karongo: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So glad to glad to hear that, you know, that's um you're getting some of that.  
00:28:02
 Yvonne Karongo: Awesome.Hassaan Ahmad: One, we're at the end of our 30 minutes. Um I know you said you had a hard stop, so you know, I want to thank you for your time. I had few more questions, but you have been incredibly helpful and I really want to thank you. Hi, can you hear me?Yvonne Karongo: Yes, now I can.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I was just saying that, you know, we're I've just looked at the watch and we're at the end of our 30 minutes. I know you said you had a hard stop, so I I would respect that and just want to really thank you for your time. You've been very generous. You've been very um candid and honest with us and uh you know, this is incredibly helpful. So, thank you. Thank you so much.Yvonne Karongo: Thanks, Han. Please feel free to reach out to any more content for your lovely report.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh amazing. I would thank you so much for for that. I look forward to your uh you know your email on the business case. That's something I'm really keen on understanding. Um but anything else I would just reach out directly. Amazing. Thank you so much.  
Transcription ended after 00:29:27

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
