---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: carrotcake x Remotir - Phase 2 (Agency-as-a-Service) – 2025/10/23 13:51 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:17.082Z
meeting_date: 2025-10-23T14:00:42.794Z
---


carrotcake x Remotir - Phase 2 (Agency-as-a-Service) - Transcript
00:00:00
 Nicole Farley: There's a lot of trial and error that has to happen first and dealing with awful clients, but once you do it, the marketing experience is just so much better.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Father again.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicole Farley: You're still going to deal with s*** clients sometimes, but it's like one of those things you just kind of have to learn as you go.Hassaan Ahmad: I think you're going to be a deal's favorite client from this moment on. Like the the sentence that you've said is what he tells us every day.Nicole Farley: He's right. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Amazing. So, Nicole, um, is Ross joining us?Nicole Farley: Uh, no. He's he's in an interview right now. He's got a call. He said he might pop on if he ends early, but no.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. That is fine. Thanks for sending us the message the other day. Um, well, Alina was really happy to see it. Anan was quite happy as well. So, keen to hear your thoughts on what is it that you're trying to do?  
00:00:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: Where do you feel we could help? And then let's have that discussion and uh come up with something together.Nicole Farley: Yeah. So, I had um I'm looking at my calendar.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicole Farley: I had uh Chris West Meyer uh supposed to have a demo on Monday. He didn't show. I sent you guys that message yesterday. I had two demos that went really well. They didn't buy. Uh one Scott Kreman. I'll send you guys the recordings, by the way. Um, Scott Kreman is a medical marketing agency. U, we ran out of time, but he wants to get on another call. He seemed interested. Um, but they also do some AI stuff for their clients, and he's kind of in charge of everything, and he's trying to set up like all these AI processes, whatever. Um, but I sent him a message to book another call. And then in the afternoon, I had uh Christopher Lens, who uh is he's he's sort of a soloreneur.  
00:01:51
 Nicole Farley: He's seems like he's got his own marketing agency. Um he seemed interested because his LinkedIn message was like, "Yeah, I'm interested in this because like the strategy is is stuff that like I just have in my head." Um but by the end of the call, he said, "Yeah, this is really cool. Love it." Like didn't offer like really any feedback. was just like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah." Um, and then I said, "Well, I'm happy to let you try it, like, you know, jump on in, like whatever." And he said, "Well, when I get more I have like one client right now, but like when I get more clients, like when when we're bigger, uh, then, you know, I'll circle back." And I was like, "God, I've heard that's like twice I've heard that." I heard it a few weeks ago, too. Um, so then I messaged I sent him an email in the afternoon that was like, you know, happy to let you like also make you guys promote tier commission, but I was like, I'm happy to let let you use it for free um for your one client or for your um own agency so you could kind of get a feel for it and give me feedback.  
00:02:52
 Nicole Farley: And I'm I'm waiting for him to respond if he if he does respond. I've got two demos scheduled today. The reason why I sent that message is is because Ross and I were talking and after Chris Westmeyer um on Monday canled um with no notice and the day before he was like, "Can you resend me the calendar invite?" And I I sent it and he he still didn't show. Um I was just like a little bit frustrated and Ross and I were talking and we had discussed this very briefly about two or three months ago. um is not going completely back to an agency, but having um a service within Carrot Cake, like still operating as Carrot Cake, but more as like an agency done for you.Hassaan Ahmad: Well,Nicole Farley: Obviously, um you know, people can still use Carrocake, they can still sign up, but if they want um the ads run for them, then there would be that service available. because I've run an agency before, um, we figured it was a quick way to bring in revenue and still allow me to use Carrot Cake in a way that I would if I was operating an agency.  
00:03:59
 Nicole Farley: So, um, that's sort of what we were thinking and you know, that's that's why I wanted to let you guys know as soon as possible. And it's I don't think Carrot Cake is dead. I just that this we've been trying to go after agencies for a year, two years. Um we're just not getting a whole lot. They're like, "Yeah, yeah, yeah, this is great." But like there's not really like a whole lot of like back and forth on like what would make this an absolute win for them. Um so yeah, it was just a little frustrating um from that aspect. And that's kind of why we were thinking, you know, to bring in revenue because I could bring in 5,000 bucks a month for one client. um our overhead is about 20,000 like I you know you don't you don't need you do the math like you don't need that much in order to you know be profitable and so you know kind of figured that maybe that was a good option at least I was going to say at least in the short term but you know if it's an option that clients like if they like that you know we're using carrot cake although I don't know if they'll care as long as we're bringing in sales and leads I don't know if they'll care how um but I didn't know, you know, maybe my differentiator is that we have this tool that could  
00:05:11
 Nicole Farley: audit and um, you know, provide recommendations and insights very quickly instead of having it take days when you're when you're doing it all manually. So, that's just kind of a brain dump of of what we were thinking. And I know we just started working with you guys, so it's not like I don't I don't want to, you know, necessarily stop what we're doing, but to to kind of do a 180 on the strategy is like it's probably frustrating for you guys, too, and it's not really fair. So, I wanted to chat with you guys and see what you thought and kind of talk about it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No, thanks for sharing that. One question actually before getting into the question. Don't worry about doing a 180 or changing strategies. We're pretty used to it. We do it five times a week for our business as well.Nicole Farley: Okay, I appreciate it.Hassaan Ahmad: There's new things, there's new ideas, and you know, we're all for testing new things.Nicole Farley: That's kind of what you have to do, right?  
00:06:04
 Nicole Farley: Like, you know, we carrot cake has has been through so many iterations and you know, if something's not working and I'm not saying that what you guys are doing is working as well. I'm getting a lot of connections. I'm getting a lot of messages. Um, it's just that when it comes time to like book the calls and have interest and feedback that that's not there. So, you know, we're also used to kind of having us to switch strategies soon. And I don't want you guys to think that I'm just like wishy-washy and back and forth and like this is I don't know what I want. But, you know, it's it's been a long time coming. So, I I appreciate that. It's good to know I'm not the only one.Hassaan Ahmad: We've seen wishywashy Nicole, you're far from don't worry about that.Nicole Farley: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, the first question I have, you know, was, as I was listening to you, it sounded like your email came, I think Monday, Tuesday, whenever it was, that was off the back of Chris cancelling.  
00:06:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: Do you feel slightly less frustrated after the calls that you've had yesterday and the ones that you're going to have today? Like, do you think momentum's okay?Nicole Farley: No, no, that it was off the back of Chris cancelling, but it's it's off the back of a year and a half of, you know, um not getting feedback, agencies just like not really being interested, not um you know, having having people ghost on calls, which I get is like part of the course. I know I know that like I can't expect everybody to just give me feedback and show up, but like it's it's been a year and a half, two years of like just trying to get something out of agencies and just really getting nothing back. And then even yesterday, you know, that Chris like was super interested in it and then he was like, "Well, no, actually if I had more clients." Yeah. And it's like it's 89 bucks a month. Like you don't need I'm not asking you for a thousand bucks. So it's just all this push back.  
00:07:46
 Nicole Farley: So it's not necessarily after that call. It's it's accumulation of like the the you know the past year or two.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you tell them how much it costs before they make that comment?Nicole Farley: I I I didn't but um Chris yesterday asked uh and again I'll send you guys the recordings. He asked he's like so so how much does this cost? And I said, "Well, it's, you know, it's 89 bucks for for one client and then 3.29 for five, blah blah blah." And then he's like, "Well, you know, it would be great." The one thing he did say is asking for free s***. He's like, "Well, it would be great if I could just like use it for for my account, you know, for like if you included um like one account for free for like the agency and then um uh you can charge for like the agency's clients. So that way like uh you can run um carrot cake for your own agency plus clients. And I was like, "Yeah, that's a good idea."  
00:08:42
 Nicole Farley: Like also I'll just like I can give you an account like for free. And then even that wasn't enough. So like I can't even give this away.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that might be a bit of a positioning problem, right? So, how we position that? Send over the transcripts. Let us take a look at that and uh maybe provide some feedback on, you know, how to the the let's call them the founding agencies model like how do we position that offer?Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You know, in my life because I do sales, I find that I could say the same thing three different ways. It would have three very different responses, right? It's same offer. It's just how you deliver that. So maybe there's something for us to do there. But the good Yes.Nicole Farley: And oh oh sorry I didn't mean to cut you off. Uh I don't do sales so I'm very aware of the fact that it could just be me also. Like maybe agencies are just like the perfect audience to use this and I'm just not selling it very well.  
00:09:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: So I'm I'm not naive to the fact that like it's it's a me problem. So that's on the table as well. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I think what's encouraging for me from what you're telling me is that everybody sees value in it, right? But for some reason, they seem to think that it's more valuable when it's more than a few clients. So, it's not that the product isn't right, it's their perception of it. And if there's some quick wins for us that would allow us to shape that perception better, I think that what unlocks this.Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, let's take a look and then uh we can look into that. But in the meanwhile, in the meantime, happy to help you with the done for you offer. Um, so what are you thinking? I know we were doing some messaging offline. So, it was more around you want to position yourself as the person who does it with carrot cake as a differentiator like what how would you take it to market or what's the offer?  
00:10:38
 Nicole Farley: Yeah. Yeah, that's kind of what I'm thinking through this week. So, I don't know if it would be on the website as like different package options or how I wanted to do it, but um it would be me. We still have the developers, but it would be me running the ads. I mean, I can hire people. It's fine, but like it would be me running the ads. um if businesses came and were like, "Yeah, this is great, but like I I still don't want to do this myself or or I would just market myself as as an agency using Carrot Cake as the technology that kind of, you know, differentiates me from, you know, the agency down the street." So, I'm working on trying to figure out how to position it and I don't know if I want to just like list it as a package option on the site or get on calls with businesses and then pitch it. So, I'm still trying to work that out, but yeah, it would be me running the ads just like normal.  
00:11:31
 Nicole Farley: Um, but uh promoting Carrot Cake as the technology behind it.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. And where do you think we fit into all of this? How can we help?Nicole Farley: Well, that's kind of what I I don't know just because um I don't know what you guys are willing to do. So I I don't I can run ads because since I've done this before like with my with my old agency and I don't want to interrupt kind of what we're already doing or interfere with what we're already doing. I can run ads for Carro cake as an agency. Um you know it's it's about it's about $100 to get a meeting. It's about $600 per client um per booked like signed contracted client. Um, so ads is one way I can run and I can just run like, you know, we're an agency. It's me and I get on calls like normal like I did, you know, with my agency and I just book calls and I just book clients and I continue with that side while we still while you guys still work on the agency side or if we run campaigns at the same time.  
00:12:39
 Nicole Farley: So that's kind of what I wanted to get your feedback with. I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: What do you guys think?Adnan Khan: I have a lot to say. I'm just waiting for a deal to go first because he's a smarter one and I I can sound way smarter.Adeel Khan: What platform uh we will use for to get your lending.Nicole Farley: I was using Facebook. Um, which I know like today Facebook is probably a little bit different than it was last year or two years ago when I was running ads, but I was using Facebook.Adeel Khan: Uh it's yeah I think there's like we can do a combination of both with the agency and the product but what do you have in your mind?Adnan Khan: So, the more I think about this, it sounds like Nicole, your end goal is actually to get your product off the ground.Adeel Khan: Question.Adnan Khan: Like, you've you can you've run an agency before. You know what that looks like. You can go back to doing that anytime.Nicole Farley: Mhm.  
00:13:49
 Adnan Khan: The whole point of this done for you thing is you want to get people and users onto your platform. One thing that we see on our side is, and you probably experienced this more than anyone, is clients just want updates. Like, how are the campaigns going? How much has been spent? What is the rate? What is the blah? And so it makes me wonder like if you bring clients into your platform could as a starting point carrot cake become like the front-end interface that they use like okay hey you're you're on boarded we've gotten you onNicole Farley: Mhm.Adnan Khan: board there is a human running the ads on the background but this is the thing you need to look at which is like the real-time thing and that's what sets you apart from other agencies and so we've seen this where there are agencies who have like their own fancy products they have edge teams that have built stuff in the background And I think what what you're kind of saying is like, oh, rather than going out into the market with this tool, maybe I first bring it back inside to my own company.  
00:14:49
 Adnan Khan: I develop it. I grow it. I get it to a point where it can scale. And then at some point once you have a critical mass, you then say, "Oh, I want to productize it now." And when you productize it, then then you have a baseline of 30, 40, 50 customers, whatever. you can then use them to bootstrap and say, "Oh, these people are already using it. Now I'm just going to go out and and and sort of give it to other agencies because they can use the model I've used." And so from a strategy perspective, the way I look at that is you focus solely on running the ads using carrot cake because that is something you are the expert in. Sure, you can run ads. you can go and run ads for um like for the a for for your particular agency itself. Would that be the right use of time? I don't know. That's something you should think about. Um so once once sort of we once sort of you figured out what that looks like, you start to like on Damn, I lost my train of thought.  
00:15:46
 Nicole Farley: I hate that.Adnan Khan: Yeah, I lost my train of thought. Oh no. Um okay, soNicole Farley: But productize it and sell it to other agencies. It's kind of what I was thinking like if I'm using it and I I am using it for you know the carrot cake accounts and I can speak to that but if I'm using it for like multiple accounts and I'm able to take on 10 or 15 which is like a huge number of deals like it it's to take on 10 or 15 clients myself is like it's crazy but if Carake makes that easier and IAdnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Nicole Farley: can kind of sell that to other agencies like look what I can do with this tool you know it's Okay.Adnan Khan: My train of my train of thought is back. So I think that is the stress test. So I think as you're onboarding these clients, I'm not the marketer in the room. I'm just just the product guy. But the way I the way I see that spinning is, hey, I have X years of experience, you know, running uh like running an agency.  
00:16:37
 Adnan Khan: That message you send in the chat, that's actually a really good ad creator for me. Like I I burnt a business that was doing 495K whatever to start this thing and it's doing better. Like I think that could start to become the marketing angles a behind which we go. So as you're adding people as your client base is like as you're building your AI agency on top of carrot cake as the foundation you then have that story to tell on on like your creative side like your social whatever I so anyway I think bringing carrot cake in developing that as like a homegrown solution for your agency. So you're an agency that runs that powered by AI up until a point there is a critical mass. I think you then relaunch it to market and product start productizing it that way with the backbone of these customers that you have. From that point I imagine there is a good social story we can tell and so thought leadership is something a deal is really bullish on. And so the idea of thought leadership is like you're building in the open and that is your top of funnel.  
00:17:38
 Adnan Khan: more building in the open and the more useful content you put out there, we actually go back and retarget those people. I think Adil is going to say, let's use LinkedIn ads because it's B2B and that's something he specializes in. So that would be how we would play it. We we only go to meta when there is either a bigger budget as you know or if we have enough data in the pixel to be like, yeah, we've we've brought in like this much data into the into the meta pixel from LinkedIn. Okay, now let's scale it up.Nicole Farley: This because well then it's sorry just one thing it's it's social proof right and now I'm not just like some random AI guy building this thing if I have no idea like if I actually use this for anAdnan Khan: So, I would say and then I won't go into the tactics yet because I'm going to let other people talk.Nicole Farley: agency and grow the agency beyond the the 500k what I did like you said it's it's social proof it's like building in public etc etc and the only reason why I use meta ads is because I was in this group um there's there's an agency called the ad girls and they did like a mentoring course or whatever.  
00:18:41
 Nicole Farley: Um, and I was in that group. It's like 500 bucks a month, but I was in that group and they solely use Facebook ads and they their only service is Facebook ads for like coaches and course creators. They're $4 million agency and there's only like 10 of them in there. So, I was in that group and they're the ones that got me from like 170K to like f almost 500k in a year um because of their processes and stuff. So, that's why I used Meta. But towards the end it got a little sketchy and I'm all about like using LinkedIn because I think it's going to be better higher quality leads more expensive but like better higher quality. So like that's that's totally fine. A deal. Go ahead. Sorry.Adeel Khan: Yeah. So, I was actually gonna guess continue what N was saying, but I I personally know like six other people who've uh basically run agencies, but they've also made products for and they're linked ad focused. Fibler u I think like a couple more, but what they basically do is they basically showcase the agency side with the tech and they basically built on it and that was their organic social strategy, but then also eventually  
00:19:44
 Nicole Farley: agree.Adeel Khan: became their ad strategy. So that could actually be a really nice way to do step carrot cake shows in real life case studies. You're doing it themselves and building in public. That's all good. Uh linen uh will be a really nice test because like I personally I'm using LinkedIn to get LinkedIn ad agency clients. So it's it runs good. Uh you play around with it even better. So the I see some potential in LinkedIn and the thought leadership we can basically boost your thought leadership model like post as well right so that gets you really in front of the target like your actual ICP you want so there's definitely potential there obviously met Google also can play a hand but like they might be your best bet I think starting out.Nicole Farley: I agree. I tried not I don't even want to say that I tried LinkedIn. I tried it for like a couple weeks and I didn't get a thousand leads right away. So I just like paused it because I didn't want to spend and we were already running meta and it was doing well.  
00:20:50
 Nicole Farley: So, I didn't really give LinkedIn a fair chance, but yeah, it was, you know, it it worked at the time.Adeel Khan: I mean, uh, like getting customers from Metat 600 is pretty impressive. So, um, I wouldn't I wouldn't break that that back then anyway.Nicole Farley: I don't know. Meta now people are kind of not happy with. So, I don't know if if that would be the case now, but it seems to be working for some people. I I don't know. I'd rather probably give LinkedIn a chance because there was a lot of wasted spend. A lot of calls that didn't show up, a lot of a lot of people that just didn't have the budget. So, um LinkedIn I think is is a better choice.Adeel Khan: Okay.Adnan Khan: So with LinkedIn and Hassan, I hope I'm not dropping trade secrets.Adeel Khan: Okay.Adnan Khan: With LinkedIn, we've noticed uh much better show up rates even for ourselves.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Um, so the show up rates are I would say, you'll keep me honest, three out of four people show up, whereas at Meta it's much less than that.  
00:21:48
 Hassaan Ahmad: more.Nicole Farley: One or two maybe. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, because I'm on the sales call, Nicole, let me tell you, I get offended when I have a no-show because I've gotten so used to getting shops, right? Yeah. So, that's that's one. And each time I have a no-show, it's back to a deal to just change the ICP and move up market because we can tell that, you know, it's resonating with the ICP. And we can we can form a really good sense of who this is resonating with. Yeah. So, one thing that LinkedIn does really well, which I haven't seen on Meta, is that it gives us really good detailed um professional demographics of people, you know, who we're targeting, right? And when you correlate that with your anecdotal experience of you know how your calls have been, who's closed and who's not, you can build a really good picture of which space you should be playing in. Yeah.Nicole Farley: Mhm. That's a good point.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So that that works really well.  
00:22:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: UmNicole Farley: And not to get like too far into the the part, but like that's why I had all those questions on my Calendarly form is to try to weed out the people that weren't serious to try to weed out the people that only wanted to pay like $500 a month or $1,500 a month for for ads or were only spending, you know, $500 a month in in in spend. like we had right on there like our minimum is 5,000 like if you don't want to pay that like good luck to you but we're not the right fit. So like that's why I had all those questions was to try to like because meta so use meta to get the leads and then you know use the form to kind of weed out all those people and thenAdnan Khan: Yeah, I 100% know what you mean.Nicole Farley: yeahAdnan Khan: Uh I have built those funnels where you go into meta, you click a button, you put friction, you put like six steps, seven steps, whatever in between. So there's intentional friction and then you only get their detailed at the end and so you qualify them at that level.  
00:23:38
 Adnan Khan: with LinkedIn one button straight to a calendar booking quality has been fine for now.Nicole Farley: Oh, okay.Adnan Khan: But so here's I don't want to I I just don't want to say like everything is great with LinkedIn.Nicole Farley: No.Adnan Khan: I think it is a young platform. So the pro the couple problems with LinkedIn, it is expensive. So if you're getting like if if a if a click is costing you two bucks, three bucks on Meta, LinkedIn's probably going to be 10 a deal. But the quality part of it is much higher. And so the other thing is I assume we can we can use the we can use the outbound stuff that you that Hassan and Adiv already have done as a top of funnel. We can do that. we can do the thought leadership post as another top of funnel and that all starts to feed into basically the LinkedIn ad strategy. Um so we there are ways to bring that cost down but only in the longer term and if there is budget  
00:24:40
 Nicole Farley: No, it's fine. I'm not I'm not too Yeah, thank you for that. I'm not too um I didn't mean to cut you off. Not too worried about that. I mean, that's it's like what with any client, right? Like when you're managing client account, like it it doesn't matter if the click-through rate is low and the cost are higher is is fine as long as that lead is closing. if if you got low cost but no one's closing.Hassaan Ahmad: AllNicole Farley: This is just a waste of money. So, like I'm not No, I get it. It's it's higher costs are fine if they're higher quality clients. I'm not I'm not too concerned.Hassaan Ahmad: right. So, um, Nicole, if I can then summarize, we're really excited to do this for you. Right. You have to tell us where you need to get us involved. Right. If you want us to do the end to end, just own the end to end funnel. We'd be more than happy to do that.  
00:25:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, there's things that you can do to help us do better. The first one is just be the face of the company as you have been, right? Video performs much better than text, but text is better than nothing. If you get video, great, right?Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll give you the ideas. We are happy to give you the script for your posts. Um, as well as the video. The more you put yourself out there, the better chance we have of capturing the audience, getting the data at a very low cost and then retargeting. So that is you helping us help you. Um so that's number one. The other thing is um a good I like to think that a large part of our success is down to the messaging that we do, right? And the messaging is so I'm talking about the landing page and so the funnel that we create the whole focus is design it in a way that as you said helps people disqualify themselves better.Nicole Farley: Mhm.  
00:26:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: So part of that is the messaging. So we do that for you. We can put that on and we can design a flow that has the right amount of friction that brings the right quality of leads to you. Yeah. That takes a little bit of tweaking as you know right. So it's not going to happen in the first week, but by the end of week three, week four, you should have a really good flow of those guys coming in. One thing that we have also seen, and you know, you're a marketeer, you would know that as well. Um, this has to be a long game, right? So you would need to do that for at least two to three months in order to give the algorithm learn time to learn, give the algorithm time to collect the data and then give us time to use that data to make it better. You know all of these things already.Nicole Farley: I feel like that you're me talking to my old agency clients.Hassaan Ahmad: So exactly.  
00:27:15
 Nicole Farley: This is why I made them sign a four-month contract. I was like, "Don't leave after a month." and bad mouth me likeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, as long as um we're aligned on that, we're happy to run both for you, right? So, I I would love to continue the agency thing because the responses that we have been getting, people are jumping, right? People are the message is resonating for with people. It's the perception problem that I picked on from what you said. That's one that we need to fix somehow. And maybe there Yeah.Nicole Farley: it's just like something is missing. thing. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So that's our job, right? So it's probably a product issue. It's probably a messaging issue. We don't know yet.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Let us take a look at that and then, you know, we can put our heads together with you and your team and we can figure out how to optimize that part better. And it very well might be that the next five conversations you have, things just take off.  
00:28:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right. Right. You never know, people just start showing interest. It only takes one domino to fall and then you know, you get what the formula is. But we can run this in other side and we can uh we can do both and get you to a path of sustainable recovery really quickly.Nicole Farley: Yep. Yeah. Let's run them parallel. I love I'd love for you guys to own the end of the end funnel. We did with again with a old agency it was a lot different. We were running a three-step funnel on ClickFunnels. We're also doing Meta. So like that's all going to change. If you need more money, tell me. Um, but I would love for you guys to own that. I'll put myself on video. Whatever you guys think, because I know it it does work. I did it for a short time at Carro Cake and it got it got so much attention. I was like, I can't believe these awful videos are are getting so much um so many clicks and and calls.  
00:28:59
 Nicole Farley: But yeah, whatever you guys need would love for you to own uh the full funnel and just tell me how it feels weird to say how I can help, but just tell me what to do.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Well, what kind of budget are we going to be playing with?Nicole Farley: And then you speak niche. Sorry, what?Hassaan Ahmad: What kind of budget are we going to be responsible for?Nicole Farley: Let's do So, my budget with the agency was 5,000 a month. Let's do 5,000.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, youNicole Farley: Is that okay?Adeel Khan: What what niches are we targeting? Like did weNicole Farley: Well, that that's what I was going to say. I I'd like to pick a niche. One of the things with Carro Cake that I regret not doing when we were first building is pick a specific industry, pick a specific niche and go after that. Um I I need to I'm going to get back to you. I'm I'm in between e-commerce um and um wellunded uh wellunded startups because they have budget but they don't necessarily want to hire a whole marketing team.  
00:30:02
 Nicole Farley: And this that's Ross' idea because he works with all these AI startups.Hassaan Ahmad: a deal. Let's take that away, but I can get you a list of series B, series companies really quickly.Nicole Farley: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and we could do a really focused like ABM campaign for those.Nicole Farley: And and they're going to they're going to appreciate technology. They're going to they're going to appreciate maybe maybe I don't know. Maybe not. But I I think um you know going after wellunded wellunded startups I think is is a good strategy. If you guys don't agree, please tell me. But I want to I want to pick. Last time, um, we did health and wellness and it was okay. But, you know, these med spas or whatever didn't know what CRM was. They didn't they didn't know anything. It was a nightmare. I I just need to work with people that have their s*** together. At least, you know, know how to have their s*** together, know what a CRM is, and know and I can appreciate ads and platforms and things like that.  
00:30:59
 Adeel Khan: You could also like keep this in your mind for local businesses as well. Like I've done I've done for property management. Uh if you filter a certain percentage, you actually get really rich and very stable clients as well. That could also be kind of dark.Nicole Farley: I am 100% open to that. That was that was another um thought that kind of went into my head. Um, my only not hes not hesitation, but I just want to make sure we get people that can at, you know, pay 5,000 bucks a month.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Nicole Farley: Um, sometimes it's hard with local businesses, but that is one of the one of the ideas that I even had when I was building carrot cake was that, you know, it's used for um businesses that have multi multiAdeel Khan: That'sNicole Farley: multiple locations like franchises and things like that because you give access or you know the main franchiser signs up and give access and you have all these like sub accounts and you can manage multiple at the same time. Um, so local businesses is is definitely on my radar.  
00:32:01
 Nicole Farley: Um, so I'm not going to rule that out.Adeel Khan: Sorry. Now you have your onions.Adnan Khan: No, I'm I'm just trying to see. So, we have half an hour. I want to make sure we walk away with clarity. So, I'm going to try and to the best of my ability recap what we just talked about so that we can talk about the funnel part a little bit.Nicole Farley: Mhm.Adnan Khan: And I think Assan you have a couple questions as well. So, the way I'm understanding it, remote is going to own the funnel. We'll we'll run the ads. We'll build the we'll build the funnel, landing page, whatever we need to do on our side. We'll do that. Nicole, you get meetings. You will close them. I think then the way I'm looking at you is you're basically the founder running the show on your side. Do you need help with the actual product experience? Like, have you mapped that out in your head?  
00:33:08
 Adnan Khan: So, you get a call from a client. Do you do it the old school way or do you want to do it through a path in your app? That's just me thinking out loud. I I don't know what I don't know.Nicole Farley: No, that that's that's a great question and that's not something I had thought about yet.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Like it it for what it's worth, it's a new thing.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Adnan Khan: So it it might be worth like just poking around that conversation from a product experience perspective. Like you've closed a client, they've paid or like they have a retainer in place, whatever. Do they go into Carrot Cake, set up their account, set themselves up as an agency, whatever, and then you start.Nicole Farley: Oh, yeah.Adnan Khan: Okay. So you'll do all that.Nicole Farley: No, because as and that that's a great question. I had I had thought about that part because if a if a client signs up for Carrot Cake um and connects their accounts, they're still going to need to give me access to the native platforms.  
00:34:02
 Nicole Farley: I I can't um I can't I can do things on Carro Cake, but I can't manage the full ad experience on Care.Adnan Khan: Yeah, sure.Nicole Farley: So, they're still going to need to give me access. I would sign up for Carro Cake, connect their account once they've already given me, they're going to give me access. I sign up for Carrocake, connect their accounts, and then I give them access.Adnan Khan: Yeah, you makes sense. I I think I think we're aligned. Yes, the access part is is critical. That makes sense. And so I think that's the question that's the question I'm trying to probe.Nicole Farley: if they want it, if they if maybe maybe they don't want it because it's another platform they have to log into. Um, you know, they they can still see a report and I'll still show them the back end on on a call screen share and say like this is this is what the tool pulled out. This is whatever blah blah blah. Or maybe they just don't care.  
00:34:46
 Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicole Farley: Maybe they're just like as long as you're getting me sales and leads, I don't give a s*** what you use.Adnan Khan: So the reason I'm asking the reason I'm asking is because that will eventually affect the kind of messaging we write. So if we want to do if we want to funnel the whole thing to a carrot cake, that's one way to do it. If it's just to a deal's head nod, just give me the leads. I don't care. That's a whole that's that's a different way of like tackling it. So anyway, okay. I I I think I have enough clarity for now. Hassan, go.Hassaan Ahmad: um with the 5K ad budget, we could test both.Nicole Farley: Yeah, that's what I was saying.Hassaan Ahmad: We see what kind of customer is responding to to what, right?Nicole Farley: JustHassaan Ahmad: So, we could have um and I think we can probably feed more into it. We could have two campaigns with two different different messaging. one that positions carrot cake as the star of the show with the added benefit of having somebody who's done it for 15 years doing that for you.  
00:35:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: And the other one is Nicole's the star of the show with a really good tech engine, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and see what performs better.Nicole Farley: Yeah. I guess as long as it's not confusing because like you know having carrot cake be the star of the show but I'm running the ads and it's like okay what is what is carrot cake like and why shouldAdeel Khan: Let me see.Nicole Farley: I care? So like yeah I'm I definitely think we should test both. If I'm doing it, if I'm writing this stuff, then I'm like, "Okay, this is going to be confusing for people." If you guys are doing it, I'm sure you'll figure out a way for it to like be clear and obviously make sense. If that was me, I'd be like, "This is not people are going to be confused and just not going to click.Adeel Khan: University.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. You were going to say somethingAdeel Khan: Yeah. So, I kind of have a audience that I use for other accounts that might fit.  
00:36:34
 Adeel Khan: So, there's like a really nice test that could work with the budget as well B2B and SAS related, but I can tweak out the B2B stuff, but that could be one. I was going to say that if you're obviously continue developing that I could actually envision this also being a transition to them using car pick as well. Uh like oh this works you can just do it yourself but I that's current but that kind of popped into my head like you guys think about it both but yeah I think testing a two two ores two landers is the right step. uh LinkedIn probably best bet for it and we can just see the initial responses we get and then we can tweak from there like typical market.Nicole Farley: Yep. Yep.Adnan Khan: Nicole, you goNicole Farley: Oh, I was going to say um that that also popped in my head a deal is you know positioning this and I don't want to get too confusing. I'm not saying this is for right now. um later on. Uh you know, one of the things they could also do is is say like, "Hey, I'll run your ads for for six months using Carrot Cake while teaching you how to eventually take over and use Carro Cake to run your own ads." So  
00:37:49
 Nicole Farley: sign a six-month contract with me. And at the end of that six months, like you're on your own with this with this tool that that you can then use to kind of like do it your do it your damn self. But that, you know, I don't want to I don't want to muddy the waters with that like right now. But that is, you know, something else that I had considered.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that's a really powerful way of positioning the tool where you're effectively saying that, you know, you're going to be in, but you're going to be out in six months or three months or whatever that is.Adeel Khan: Hey, that's that's kind of I think yourNicole Farley: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: You're going to put yourself out of a job because your tool's so good, right?Nicole Farley: Oh, I love it. Yeah, actually I love that. Okay. And it's like if you're still If you're still Sorry.Adeel Khan: Sorry.Nicole Farley: I was going to say if you still want me to do it after six months like fine I'll I'll do it.  
00:38:35
 Nicole Farley: I'll take your money. But you know the whole idea is that you know this is for businesses. It's for agents for businesses. The idea is like I'll I'll teach you. I'll do it for a little while and then after that you know I I'll fire myself and set you up for success.Adnan Khan: I think what that also gets you is I mean in meta we just call it dog fooding. So you you get a bunch of yeah you just get a bunch of users to harden your tech and that's just another way to paint that story of like oh yeah this is how we bootstrapped and we hardened the tech and now it's ready to productize. So that okay.Nicole Farley: Yeah, I love it.Adnan Khan: Okay.Adeel Khan: That's your organic strategy. I think it kicked using it and the theme is I'm making a product that fires myself. Yeah, something like that.Nicole Farley: Yeah, I like that.Adeel Khan: I think that would be good. That's for LinkedIn.  
00:39:26
 Adeel Khan: If you want to do Instagram that that as well, butHassaan Ahmad: Ouch.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Nicole. Um, sorry. I'll let you react to that and then No reaction.Nicole Farley: Nope.Adnan Khan: Okay. uh because you're an informed founder, what does success look like for you in 6 months and 12 months?Nicole Farley: Um, I don't want to I definitely don't want to break even.Adnan Khan: Yeah. And let me let me let me like preede a couple things. Is it like I just want to be profitable or I'm okay with breaking even, but I want the product to get off the ground.Nicole Farley: I do want it to get off the ground. I don't want it to break even. Um, I mean, I I want to be profitable. It's It's Yeah.Adnan Khan: You can frame it any other way by the way. Sorry.Nicole Farley: Yeah. Um, no, I don't have specific numbers. I mean, I I if I think I'll think about it for like an hour and I can get specific numbers.  
00:40:24
 Nicole Farley: Um, we're burning about 20k a month. It was closer to 50k a month last last year. Um, just trying to get this thing off the ground. We're burning about 20k a month and we cannot keep going at that rate otherwise we're going to be we're going to be dead three four five six months. Um so I I do I I just I want to get rid of that burn. Okay. In the short term if I can just generate enough to keep my developers to pay myself you know maybe hire you know one other ad person and break even that's fine with me in in the in the short term. Um, but over the next 6 months to a year, I want to be profitable. I don't think that helps. But I'm I'm okay with I'm okay with breaking even right now as long as it pays for for our ads, for our team, uh, for myself.Adnan Khan: Okay.Nicole Farley: Um, and it it it it does not I'm not taking money out of um Ross's retirement.  
00:41:22
 Adnan Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: so sorry.Adnan Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So breaking even I want to quantify that first. So breaking even Nicole. So you're doing 20k right now plus add retainer plus ads. That puts you about 30k and we're targeting customers at you said four four grand.Nicole Farley: about 30. Um what they're paying per month about about 5,000 a month.Hassaan Ahmad: That's 4 to 15. What price point do you want to target the customers at? Yeah. So their retainers what they would pay to you. Okay.Nicole Farley: 5,000 a month.Hassaan Ahmad: We're talking about 67 per month at the very least. That's the right way. Okay. All right. Um, let it Yeah,Nicole Farley: And I did I did it with my my crappy little agency that was using no offense and none meta ads for health and wellness clients. So I know I can do it again. This is this is a little bit a different strategy obviously but I know I can do it again.  
00:42:20
 Nicole Farley: Um but it is it's it's a big ask. I know.Hassaan Ahmad: it's nothing that we haven't done before. It's just how quickly we get there, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, we canNicole Farley: And if we're only planning on having these clients for six months, you know, it's it's a $30,000 lifetime value, you know, that's that's a constant there there needs to be, you know, more clients constantly coming in to replace the ones that that leave after six months. Ideally, they not say ideally they leave and use Carrot Cake on their own, but or maybe ideally they stay and I just run them.Adnan Khan: Yeah, I thinkNicole Farley: But I don't want I don't I don't want to be another agency. But I think this is the best path forward. Um, so yeah, I don't know where I was going with that.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicole Farley: It was just, you know, we know that the the whole idea is that they only stay for six months and then they and then they go on and instead of paying $6,000 or $5,000 a month, they're going to pay well, it's 89. I'm not going to charge 89. I'm going to charge something else.  
00:43:21
 Nicole Farley: But, you know, for for a,000 bucks a month, then you can use this kind of on your own.Hassaan Ahmad: Obviously there's going to be an off-ramp as well, right?Nicole Farley: But going from, you know, the 5,000 a month down after 6 months if they stay is is something else to think about as well.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So when we're doing the offramping of the of you know your clients at say month four or month five, we'll start ramping up the ads because at that time you would have the proof the social proof that this thing works as a standalone thing as well. we'd be ramping up the ads again for the product itself and you know so it will you would then have two propositions for the market so it's done for you as well as the product itself and hopefully youNicole Farley: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: know it's going to balance itself outNicole Farley: Yep. Absolutely. Yep.Adnan Khan: In my head, I'm thinking so I'm I'm just like thinking what the sequence is and what the six month road map is.  
00:44:13
 Adnan Khan: So I mean this is we're we're we're we're we're like blurring the lines between agency and and and a product team right now, which is which is fine. I love it. I think so. It's either like and and this is just food for thought. We can go away, think about it, come back. I know on the remoteier side we'll put together some of the things we talked about come up with a plan but either it's like go get first three customers go get them the good oldfashioned way after a month or two start transitioning them to carrot cake then we test the next three customers with carrot cake being like the app being front and center see how they sign up. Yeah there in my head I'm just trying to build out what the strategy and the ramp is. I think we talked a little bit about it already, so don't want to go in, but okay. Ignore what I said. I was thinking out loud.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's let's take this offline that solution there offline and then we can get something to unicorn.  
00:45:04
 Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicole Farley: You just triggered something. What was the first thing that you said?Adnan Khan: Um, so I guess what I'm trying to say is like I'm trying to minimize risk as much as possible because like if if you want to if you want to get profitable quickly, then I'm trying to trying toNicole Farley: Yeah.Adnan Khan: minimize risk as much as possible. So in my head it's like you have experience, you've done a certain thing before. Okay, let's go do that first because we know between the skill set in the room that works. And if we can get do that with like two, three, four, whatever clients that gets you cash flow positive, then when we start to do a bunch of additional testing, do we then test the the whole like carrotNicole Farley: Mhm.Adnan Khan: cake thing after?Nicole Farley: Yeah, that makes sense though.Adnan Khan: I think that's what I'm trying to sketch out in my head and I know we're going to solutions that solution this on our side.Nicole Farley: Yeah, take the lowhanging fruit.  
00:45:59
 Nicole Farley: Um, you know, so it gives us time.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicole Farley: Yeah, that makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we're gonna let's continue the dripify, sorry, the LinkedIn thing that we're already doing. I think it's helpful in getting you the feedback from agencies, right? that that's something that can run quite automatically so to speak without you know a lot of input from either of us. We can continue monitoring the responses. You've been very good as well um at responding to the messages and so forth. So I think between us we can handle that. Um in terms of our kind of next phase of brain space that we're going to allocate and put our efforts in, we can do that on getting the done for you off the ground, right?Nicole Farley: Hm.Hassaan Ahmad: And then, you know, we'll we'll be talking every week, every other week anyway. And we can continue to look at it in two week kind of milestones and see where we've gotten to and what we need to do next in order to anchor ourselves to that goal, which is getting getting the burn to zero, net burn to zero.  
00:47:01
 Nicole Farley: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: Yep. I do want to say at at 3:00 today, I have a call. There's no LinkedIn message. I don't know how he found me. Um, but he sent me an email. I have a call with a guy that runs um marketing at like a bridal suite and they need somebody to run their ads. So, I was like, "Yeah, I'll get on I'll get on a call with you." So, at three o'clock today, I'm getting on a call with somebody that wants somebody to run their um Google and Meta ads.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, you close that and that's ad budget for a month.Nicole Farley: So, maybe that Exactly.Adnan Khan: There you go.Hassaan Ahmad: You close that and that's going to be your ad budget for a month.Nicole Farley: Exactly.Adnan Khan: There you go.Nicole Farley: So, we'll we'll see what happens with that. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Good luck.Nicole Farley: Not it's not exactly my uh my wellunded startup niche, but I'll take it.Hassaan Ahmad: anything.  
00:47:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: everything.Hassaan Ahmad: Let us know if there's any help or support that you would require any any of these sales calls. More than happy to help with that.Nicole Farley: I I appreciate that. Um yeah, I'll send you guys the recordings and then maybe maybe I need maybe you're going to listen and be like, "Oh my god, she needs a lot of help." Uh one guy asked for a job. I didn't get on a call, but he's like, "Yeah, I'm not interested in this, but if you guys are hiring or whatever, it's like it's in the LinkedIn messages." Um, I'll let you guys know. I I may I may need help. I I I I'm not naive to the fact that I might be horrible at selling and these people are just like, I have no idea what's happening here. I don't know what Carrokick is. I don't know why I should sign up. Um, so you guys will have to let me know. I think on the agency side, maybe.  
00:48:36
 Nicole Farley: Um, I'm used to selling on the agency side, so I think I've got that. But again, um, TBD It's Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: In the end, the only thing that matters is signatures on the contract and money in the bank account. So, if you're getting that, everything else is secondary.Nicole Farley: Exactly. Exactly. I want to And it it takes a lot of the pressure off of Ross, too, because, you know, we're we're bootstrapping this and this is, you know, it's money that's coming out of like he he hates working at Microsoft. I'd love for him to quit his job and just do something like, you know, less stressful.Hassaan Ahmad: There you go.Nicole Farley: Um, but yeah, he hates it.Adnan Khan: It is. It is very stressful.Nicole Farley: Um, so I I I want to, you know, I want to stop stop the bleed is is the goal here. And I think this is a good strategy no matter what.Adnan Khan: Um I I think this is if anything this is this is the strategy play for sure.  
00:49:29
 Nicole Farley: I think, you know, having the social proof of me using it, you know, um, is is is a good idea.Adnan Khan: This is like you banking your knowledge using your strategy to bootstrap the product. And I know I know a couple friends who are running like larger agencies. They they got to a scale where it's like they just have a bunch of developers now building in-house tool.Nicole Farley: H. Yeah.Adnan Khan: Um, I know I know one of my one of my friends are like so they they do they do like recruitment and so they built this like AI recruitment tool just it just looks at all the it's it's all fun stuff. It's it's amazing but but like the point is like they're building it internally first with the eventual goal to white label and productize. So uh so that's that's basically the play.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Uh I'll show you one other thing real quick. Um, this is just I don't know what the intent is, but mostly mostly to sort of give you a sense of where we're going.  
00:50:32
 Adnan Khan: So, ignore the landing page and what it looks like. We sort of did this with the intent of hey, we're going to go and do like we're going to we're going to set up a landing page and push out like uh carrot cake to agencies. And so I think I think just to sort of give you a visual anchor in your head, the idea is like we'll we'll redo the landing page, but we'll do it with the offer that we just talked about.Nicole Farley: Mhm.Adnan Khan: And so eventually we'll set this up on uh the get.carcake.com subdomain that we made you pull together. Uh ideally we'll run ads to that. Uh but there's there's a bunch of stuff that needs to happen in between which mean which is like getting the strategy finalized, getting the messaging copy done, getting some timelines, that sort of thing in place. But that that's sort of just to give you an expectation of what you will expect from us as a follow-up. This was more meant to be like a more ad hoc collaborative conversation.  
00:51:26
 Nicole Farley: Yep.Adnan Khan: We didn't want to come in with a plan without understanding what you're trying to do. So yeah, so anyway, just just to sort of give you a sense of like there were wheels spinning in the background, but yeah.Nicole Farley: Yeah. Great. Perfect.Adnan Khan: Cool. Uh, I heard someone raise their hand, but maybe they didn't.Nicole Farley: I think it's um a deal.Adeel Khan: Yeah, it was me on the chat. I was like, we can use the landing page and send our outbound people to just as a test cuz I was really I really personally really like the outbound numbers and I was just testing myself. I want to really want to test some stuff. Yes.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right, looks like we have uh strategy. So Nicole, let us kind of digest that a bit. Put that on a paper for you and Ross. We'll share that across. In the meantime, as you've seen, a lot of the building blocks are already there, right?  
00:52:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: for us be a matter of as Adan said coming up with so formulating what that new proposition needs to look like right um and once we have that it should be fairly quick for us to put that in production I do want to set the right expectations though that Hadan and Adil are both going to be off next week right and we need well at least one of them to be around to do But that is for me anyway. So I'm going to work on the copy between now and by the time these guys are back. If they can get away from their wives and stuff during the time on a holiday and spend some time on on the landing page, they would. But otherwise, it's going to be the middle of the week after next. Um yeah.Nicole Farley: Okay.Adnan Khan: To be fair, I think that gives you uh enough time to do like setup, strategy, messaging, that kind of thing. So, perfectly timed.Nicole Farley: Yeah, that's good. Okay. Um, I also own not own because it's a subdomain.  
00:53:34
 Nicole Farley: I think I had agency.carecake.com on like clickfunnels or whatever. I can get rid of that if we want to use it. If you want to test a couple different pages at the same time, it doesn't matter. Just just let me know what you guys need from me. Um, yep.Adnan Khan: So the reason we um the reason we got you to put it on a subdomain is we can just hook all of that up on Webflow and then we can just we don't have to ping you for any changes. We can just do it ourselves. We'll give you access obviously and if we want to do further pages, we'll just do forward slash agency slash something else. So we can just do it that way.Nicole Farley: Oh god.Adnan Khan: If there is a domain you prefer, now is the chance to to tell us.Nicole Farley: Yeah. No, I don't care. That'll refer to you guys.Adnan Khan: Okay, Hassan, take notes, please.Hassaan Ahmad: Now I think I know Nicole and I have bonded over it.  
00:54:21
 Adnan Khan: There's an inside joke. Hassan is very, very picky about Can I Can I guessHassaan Ahmad: Our our love of domains Nicole I'm buying another one for £2700 which is I don't know $3,500 or something you told.Nicole Farley: Do you know how much we bought carrot cake for?Hassaan Ahmad: So, I'm going to let the team guessNicole Farley: Yeah.Adnan Khan: 15 grand?Nicole Farley: Close.Adnan Khan: 18. Okay.Nicole Farley: 18. Well, carrot cake.io IO was $197.Adnan Khan: Damn. That was was close. Was close.Nicole Farley: Thank you. But we wanted and thankfully the guy wasn't using it. So yeah, $18,000.Adnan Khan: Yeah. No, no. I I a.com domain with that kind of rep. That's a that's that's a brand on its own.Nicole Farley: So we have to make this work because I'm not getting rid of the domain.Adnan Khan: Uh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And if you look at if you look at the LinkedIn messages like half of them are like I love the company name.Nicole Farley: Like it's carcake is going to be something.  
00:55:09
 Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicole Farley: I don't know what.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Nicole Farley: the the guy one of the guys that I had talked to yesterday like we talked for like 10 minutes about the name. Oh, Chris yesterday, the guy that said, "Well, if I had a bigger agency that definitely used this, but one I only have one client and I so I told him the story. I didn't tell him how much it was, but I told him the story and he's like, "Yeah, it's so cool. It's like easy to remember blah blah blah." So, like you there's a lot of messages just about the name. Every once in a while I get like a cold email from like a recipe company or like a like a company that like clearly hasn't been to the website but just saw carrotcake.com and thinks we're like a food blog. I don't know. Anyway,Hassaan Ahmad: Ad deal question for you that just came to my head. Right now the campaigns that we've we have going it's for agencies under 50 people.  
00:56:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: People are getting a perception that it's for bigger agencies anyway. Should we just change the parameters, target the bigger ones and see how that lands?Adeel Khan: I was also thinking though um it's a good test run.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: We might get more better conversations. I mean either way it's that type we can use. So it would be nice.Nicole Farley: and bigger ones. Also, I spoke to a large one that had like a thousand clients.Adeel Khan: is badNicole Farley: I um and they they generate so much revenue. They're just building an internal tool uh on their own. So, it's kind of like we got to find like that middle sweet spot. Not the guy that has one client, but you know, also not the guy that has a thousand because they can just build their own stuff. So, it's worth testing.Hassaan Ahmad: Because you're going to have a conversation with publicist at some point, aren't you?Nicole Farley: I was supposed to Yes. Um, they cancel. I don't know when that call is because they keep pushing it.  
00:56:59
 Nicole Farley: They want something from Ross.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: They want They want something from him. So, they're having this call as like a favor, but they keep pushing it out because their guy is like always at conferences. I don't know. I'll let you guys know when it is, but it's they've been frustrating to try to get a hold of.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, no worries. Cool. You go.Nicole Farley: Oh, and sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, yeah.Nicole Farley: I did Sorry. I I randomly we got rid I know we only have two minutes left. We got rid of the registration link to for for people to register on their own. Um, and we just did like the book a call so I could have like conversations with people. But then yesterday I noticed that somebody new had registered and I was like that's weird. Maybe there's like a link somewhere. So, I found out from our developer that like if you go to the login page and you log in using like Google or Meta, even if you don't have an account, it will create you an account.  
00:57:44
 Nicole Farley: And I was like, "All right, whatever. That's fine." So, people like really want to get in, let them get in. But, they're an agency. Um, I have to look up like what their sizes. I don't know how they found us. I'm talking to them on Monday. They've already connected a few accounts and like generated reports and like have done all this stuff already. So, I I connected with him on LinkedIn yesterday and he was like, "Yeah, I would love to talk." And I was like, can we get on a call like soon so I can thank you for joining? Whatever. So, we're going to talk on Monday. I have no idea how they found us or like what they're doing, but apparently they've been very active.Hassaan Ahmad: That's amazing.Nicole Farley: I was like, "All right, that's one. StartHassaan Ahmad: That is very good.Nicole Farley: somewhere." Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Well, keep the recordings coming. U transcripts are better, but recordings would still do. Do you trust?Nicole Farley: Well, um yeah, I can send the script and the recording like it's in read AI. I just give you guys access.  
Transcription ended after 00:59:31

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
