---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: My1Login Kickoff – 2025/11/05 10:53 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:01.380Z
meeting_date: 2025-11-05T13:00:22.417Z
---


My1Login Kickoff - Transcript
00:00:00
 Mike Newman: spent a lot of time there. So, hey, how are you?Adeel Khan: Okay, I can't hear you.Adnan Khan: We can't hear you.Mike Newman: Okay, there we go.Hassaan Ahmad: This should fix it.Adnan Khan: Yeah, you're good.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Saying good morning to everybody. How you doing?Mike Newman: Good morning. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well, thank you. And yourself, James? Great to meet you.Mike Newman: Good.James: Good. Good morning.Mike Newman: Um, I'm going I'm going to go on mute when I'm not speaking because my fans have just kicked in because there's obviously it must be there's so many people on the call that it's just grinding my laptop toHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Mike Newman: a halt. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, now we can't hear anything. So, you're absolutely All right.Adnan Khan: We can't hear anything.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, guys, it's great to great to meet the team and we're very very excited to kick off this partnership with you. So um I prepared a quick agenda which I can share in a in a bit but before we get into it should we do a quick round of intro so everybody knows everybody.  
00:01:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I can go first. Mike, you already know me, but James, I'm Hassan. I'm one of the founders at Remote here. And at Remote here, my my responsibility as it um applies to clients is working on the messaging side of things, right? So, I'm responsible for the go to market strategy, crafting the messaging, um understanding what the narrative needs to be, and just working with you on on those fronts. Adnan, do you want to go next?Adnan Khan: Sure. Uh Ahmad Nan uh also one of the founders. Uh most of my uh most of the work I'll be doing with you all will be around uh figure looking at the product, looking at sort of the tech side of things, helping make sure like at least for this exercise like the landing page, the funnel, everything works end to end the way it's supposed to. Uh my my mo most of my career has been in product design. So that's it as a hybrid between design and product. uh worked with some brands like Meta in the past, worked for a couple of startups that both went from uh like 30 40 people up to 200300 people.  
00:02:09
 Adnan Khan: So very different scales. Uh but have have a bunch of experience there that I can bring into to this conversation. Um Adil, do you want to go next?Adeel Khan: I'm Ado. I'm basically the guy who spends a lot of money for everybody. I'm the marketer uh grow marketer worked in uh four to five startups uh grown them to considerable amounts. But yeah, so I'm involved with almost all elements just because I need to create that frictionless flow as I like to call it. But yeah, uh basically I'll be spending your money in a nutshell.Hassaan Ahmad: So, that's that's the core team that's going to be working.Mike Newman: Chip. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We might other people as and when needed.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, but for the next three-ish months, you're going to be working very closely with us.Mike Newman: Great.Hassaan Ahmad: What we'll do off the back of this call is actually set up a Slack channel as well.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you can reach us, we can reach you, and we can just coordinate that way.  
00:03:12
 Mike Newman: Okay. Yep. Sounds good. Okay. Great. Um, so I'm I'm Mike for those that don't know. So I'm the um founder and CEO of My One Login. Um and yeah, just really excited about this uh partnership and um you know, hopefully looking forward to um finding a way that we can scale uh together. So um James, do you want to go next? I just need to take this call very brief. I'm sorry. Just give me where James does his introduction if that's okay.James: Yeah, no worries. Yeah. So, I'm James. So, I'm the account manager at my login. So, I um technically I'm the one that carries out the kind of product demonstrations, has initial conversations with prospects. Uh it takes them through the the sale cycle from from from start um start introduction right through to getting the contract signed and bring them on board.Hassaan Ahmad: amazing. James, where abouts are you based?James: Uh in Glasgow just say Glasgow.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.  
00:04:12
 James: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Good stuff. Okay, let me share my screen and let me walk you through the agenda that I had put together for you. Can you confirm if you can share see my screen, please?James: Yeah, I can see that. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. All right. So, I decided not to do a presentation because I'm going to take you through this document as well. Right. But this is our single source of truth. Right. This document is how we align ourselves with yourselves, right? how we make sure that we're working off the same data, the same understanding and this is where we document pretty much everything. I'll walk you through the structure of the document in a bit as well. But in terms of agenda, this is what we wanted to do in the next kind of 90ish minutes. So done the intros. The next thing that we'd like to do is we would greatly like to understand the product from the lens of the customer.  
00:05:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So the product is great. I have no doubt you've got some amazing case studies there as well, which is a testament to how good the product is, right? What we want to get to is why do customers buy it, right? So when they're looking at my one login versus octa versus any other tool, what are they actually comparing themselves against? Right? More often than not, in my experience, it's not the features that are stated on the website. It's something behind the scenes, right? If you've got any insights on how those investment cases are made, what are the unconsidered or unspoken criteria that people look at, that's what we would really like to understand because that is what we would want to put forward uh in front of the people when we do the campaigns. If you want to do a demo, that would be good as well. It always helps when we have when we see what the product looks like, you know, um what the user experience is, what the flow is, and so forth.  
00:06:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: We'd really appreciate that that if you can do it. Then we pivot into the activities that you're doing right now, right? Want to get a holistic understanding of everything that you're doing right now to go to market. So Mike and I have talked about this in in a bit of detail. So I know that you're doing some paid channels, you have email campaigns, you're doing LinkedIn stuff, but walk us through everything that you're doing so that we can ensure that whatever we do is a force multiplier, right? or at the very least there's no conflict between the business. Yeah. Um and lastly, we have a bunch of open questions we would leave you with. If you can answer any today, great. If not, take that away. Get back to us with some information and we'll walk you through what we'll do in the next kind of two weeks leading up to the launch, what the next kind of, you know, one to two months is going to look like. Does that make sense?  
00:06:55
 James: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Anything else that you would want to add to the agenda?James: Not for me, I think. MikeHassaan Ahmad: All right, great. So, um just a bit about this document. Then you can see a bunch of tabs on the side. I'll share this with you and you know this is something that you can comment on and um you know provide any any clarity any clarifications if needed. But basically where I've captured everything that Mike and I have discussed to date is here in the current state. Right? This is my understanding of where you are today, where you want to get to, and what is going to be needed to get you there. Right? This is not me promising that I'm going to do all of this. This is us aligning on what success looks like for this partnership, not just in the three months, but beyond. Right? So, in the next 12 months, what needs to have happened for you to look back and say, "All right, well, we've done what we wanted to do."  
00:07:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. This also acknowledges and and documents some of the plans that we've talked about. So you can go through this in a lot more detail but you would see that you know the two ICPS that we talked about Mike. So accounting firms healthcare documented them. I've we've done a bit of research on who what why. Yeah. So have a look at this and help us help you basically and so forth. You would have open questions which we'll go into a bit more detail later on. And then lastly um I would point you to this resource as well. Whatever you can provide us is helpful. Yeah. So, I've done some research. I found your brochure. That's something that I put over there. But if there any internal documents, anything else that you could point us to, put that over here so that we can access it and we can use that when we're crafting the messaging um or anything makes sense. Great.James: Yeah.  
00:08:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um any other comments from the team before we hand over to the my one login team for the product?Adnan Khan: I'll have a bunch of stuff as we go obviously, but good for now.James: Heat.Hassaan Ahmad: Great. Okay. Um, so James, Mike, do you want to start with the product? Mike, I guess we'll start with you. You You're the founder. You started it because I'm sure you saw a gap in the market. what that gap was and how do you how would you describe my login to anybody you're meeting for the first time?Mike Newman: Uh good question. Um so I think if I was to go back to our elevator pitch um of which we have got a number of um so I I'd say that my one login mitigate the financial and reputational damage of data breaches u by um essentially removing all passwords from the hands of the workforce and putting a system in control of them. So I suppose I think that's it at a kind of top level.  
00:10:06
 Mike Newman: Um but there's a number of benefits that come off the back of that. Um I think the reason the reason why I set up my one login was that you know I I as a a non-technologist in uh in a management role in a a UK plc had just been given something like my 24th password to remember for work purposes and I was no different to any other person in a non and that's in a non-technical role. So, you know, there were um there were some applications that worked with a supposed single sign on system like email. That was fine. You know, that that that was that was uh you didn't need a password for that. There was maybe one other system, but generally single sign on wasn't really single sign on. It was only single sign on for a small amount of applications that happened to be compatible with the single sign on protocols. And what that meant was as a as an an end user, a member of the workforce, I had um over 20 additional passwords to remember.  
00:11:16
 Mike Newman: And some, you know, it's not just the passwords. The passwords were changing frequently. The uh usernames were different. So some of them it would be my email address. Some for some of them it would be my active directory login uh as the username. For some of them, the username was my personnel number. For another one, it was the personnel number, but with a zero at the front of it, you know. So, the it wasn't just the passwords. There was it was a it was a a complete and utter nightmare for any, you know, and I'm reasonably technically illiterate. Um, so it was it was basically unmanageable for the majority of the workforce. And what do people do in those circumstances? Well, they revert to writing things down or storing them in spreadsheets or word documents where they can or in their phone where they can easily access them. Um so I felt that there had to be a better solution to that and uh and a way of securely managing passwords in such a way that they could be accessed from anywhere and basically came up with the concept of well what if you could um encrypt the passwords in such a way that e and put them online in such a way that even the provider that stores the passwords is unable to access them without the  
00:12:36
 Mike Newman: relevant decryption key and the key only resides is only known to me as the as the end user. So that's kind of how we got started. I'll I'll put a couple of diagrams up that maybe sort of show that at a high level how that works and why that's a differentiator. But fundamentally my one login was there to enable secure storage of passwords in the cloud. And we we initially launched as a consumer proposition in 2012. Cost of acquisition lifetime value multiples were very difficult to make stack up in that market. We got drawn into the well we made a conscious move into the SMB market and it's only really now that we're seeing traction within enterprise but we want to grow faster and we need to grow faster. Um so um we've we feel we've now got an extremely good product market fit. When we do get to the table, we're able to articulate how we differentiate and why that's important to customers. So and we we'll go into that as as you've mentioned Tassan and in terms of the the agenda.  
00:13:42
 Mike Newman: Um, so we have got some really compelling differentiators and that we are able to articulate why that's important to our customers and prospects, but we just don't get to very many tables to articulate that. Um, and that's really what we're we're trying to do. So, um, I think that's that's the background. I think um, yeah, we we yeah, I don't know. Any questions on that so far?Adnan Khan: Okay, you might go into this down the line, but like fundamentally what does the user experience model look like? Like do do you go out to these applications and say, "Hey, build out certain capabilities that will allow people to log in. I know Octa kind of does that. Or is it more like people come to my one login and they have like a dashboard and they can click on like something's there and that that just automatically logs in." Like just just talk me through that a little bit please.Mike Newman: Well, yeah. I mean, so I can talk through it. We can give you a demo as well.  
00:14:45
 Mike Newman: Um, and I can show you on some So, I I just wonder whether it's worth running through. Do you want a couple of slides and background first of all, just to give some context and then I'll show the demo or would you want to see the demo first? Is Okay.Adnan Khan: I think context would be Yeah. I think context would be valuable because that helps understand why you went down a certain path as opposed to why you didn't Yeah.Mike Newman: Yep. Okay. Right. So, let me uh let me just uh share my screen and see if we can James feel free to chime in if I am missing anything fundamental.James: Yeah, I was going to say I've got uh I've got the demo environment open, mate. If you want me to do that, if you want me to run over that some pointMike Newman: Have you? Okay, that's fine. Right. Well, we'll we'll jump into that in a minute. I was uh that's that would help. Um Yep.  
00:15:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: One thing that would be helpful for me and Mike you might already have that in the slides that you're presenting is how do you when you often the first conversation that you're having with anybody right I'm guessing the question would be how are you different from an octa right or one of those, you know, market leaders. How do you answer that question without going into the features, right? Is there likeMike Newman: Um that that's a good question and maybe we don't answer it well enough. Maybe there's an opportunity to improve that. I think what we would normally say is you know we are we are there are three very high level headlines as to why we how we differentiate compared to octa and Microsoft and pretty much any of the other players. First of all we're more secure and we're more secure um well in fact let me give you the the headlines for the three. So, we're more secure, we're easier to use, and we're more widely compatible than any other product on the market.  
00:16:45
 Mike Newman: So, it's more secure, easier to use, and more widely compatible. And how we back that up is that so when it comes to security if you take octa for instance or one login or even Microsoft they encrypt the users the the customer's passwords on their servers and then storeHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: it and that means they have access to the encryption keys that protect the customer's data and that's a fundamental vulnerability point with us. What we do is we do the encryption within the the customer's network within the heart of the customer's network where we don't have access to the encryption keys that are being used. And so all we store all that's shipped up the wire and stored with us is the useless output of the encryption process. And it's impossible to decrypt that data without the corresponding decryption key. So even if someone was to try and got access to that data and try to brute force it, because of the length of the keys, it would take longer than the universe has existed for to go through every possible permutation of encryption key and try and brute force that that data.  
00:18:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, yeah.Mike Newman: So that's so go ahead.Hassaan Ahmad: So, Mike, this is where I start asking some really strange.Mike Newman: Yeah, good. Go for it. I mean challenge and throw in all. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, so don't get um put off by any of the questions, right? It's just how I process things.Mike Newman: Not at all. No, I think it's it's important that we Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Let's get get them all out there. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, it's great that you do encryption on the client device or the client's network as opposed to others who are doing that on their servers, right? Yes, I can logically see how that is more secure. But what's the incremental benefit of doing that in terms of business outcomes, right? Or why should a customer care for lack of a betterMike Newman: That that's a very good question and I don't know that we could definitely put an answer on that.  
00:19:00
 Mike Newman: I don't know James if you've got any thoughts onJames: Yeah, I suppose it depends who I'm speaking to. If I'm speaking to a technical person or a risk person, then yes, they they'll care because ultimately it's their job to protect the business. If I'm speaking to somebody, they're more operational um then it's not something I would talk about because they don't care because it's not their responsibility. So I suppose the the the key point or differentiator that I would speak to depends on who I'm speaking to in the business. So most most times I'll go with um again point Mike mentioned the the fact we're easier to use because what I find is that people are looking for a solution that the users um it's user friendly it's easier to use for them don't need any effort in training them on it because what the team that are rolling it out don't want is loads of questions they don't want to deal with it so when it comes to um for me the the main differential point that's not from a technical point is the fact that we are um from a customer point of view or a user point of view um we're more user friendly for for  
00:20:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: user friendly for whom the business users or the use.James: the for the actual user the physical user themsself I suppose for everyone but the actual end user the person that's going to use it on a day-to-day basis.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, that's really interesting.James: So the people the the the user that the business is rolling this out to try and protect or make life easier for so the person the person has got 25 30 40 passwords or make it easier for that person to use.Adnan Khan: the employee basically.James: Yeah. Because if you don't if you don't make it easy for that person to use they'll do something else.Adnan Khan: Yeah.James: They'll try they won't use it. They'll they'll find they'll try and find a way around it.Mike Newman: So, so maybe maybe if I if I maybe I've given them these in the wrong order then actually perhaps if if I went to so the other one of the other reasons we're more secure. So it's not just the encryption. So there's a few layers as to what makes us more secure but the other layers include the other two differentiators.  
00:21:19
 Mike Newman: So the fact that we are easier to use and can guarantee user adoption um means that our product uh essentially is you know is it will deliver far greater return on investment uh to the customer and greater security protection because use of the product is not an option for the workforce. you know, when it's rolled out, it runs in the background with zero UI and zero use user in, you know, zero user experience in terms, sorry, zero login. Uh, so the user doesn't have to know about it or engage with it in any way. It's all configured and deployed centrally. And with other products, the user typically has to navigate to like a portal and log into that portal before they can then use that as a platform to then launch applications. So we do offer that if the if the uh customer wants to use that functionality, but we don't mandate it. It's not compulsory and they can just have it running in the background and that guarantees adoption. And because it guarantees adoption, that also improves security.  
00:22:34
 Mike Newman: And then the other uh things that we do to improve to to to provide better security are we're because we're more widely compatible. So that third differentiator, we we also work with Windows desktop applications in addition to web applications. So while most of the well all of the solutions out there work with web applications, there are almost none. I mean there's maybe one which is a kind of legacy solution in praata and that we sometimes come up against and that's the only one that we know of that integrates with other Windows desktop applications and there's still believe it or not a heavy reliance on a lot of Windows executable apps particularly within bigger institutions so larger enterprises um you know some of the um utilities placing healthcare public public sector there's often a reliance on theseJames: Probably. Holy Satan.Mike Newman: legacy apps. So because we also integrate with them that also means we're more secure. So so that's why the kind of security oh and oh and there's some other features we have that that others don't we can eliminate fishing.  
00:23:44
 Mike Newman: So you can use our product to completely eliminate password fishing risks because you can configure password policies centrally with our product that will go out and actually force a change to the user passwords on their external cloud applications and change that password for them then hide it from the user and if the user doesn't know the password anymore how can they be fished for it? So we can do that as well. So, so that's a number of the ways that we improve security. Um, the other differentiator I mentioned was the zero login, you know, zero login um, and the fact that that guarantees adoption. And then the third one is that we work with legacy apps. Those are the sort of three headline generic differentiators, but there's a number of differentiators we also have specifically for the UK accountancy sector, and we can touch on some of them later as well. There's there's there's two main ones in that sector and I can talk about them as well. Sorry. Sorry Adan.Adnan Khan: No, no, I was just queering up.  
00:24:48
 Adnan Khan: That's fine. Um, how big is the legacy like the legacy apps sector? So, when I talk about legacy, I'm like the apps that aren't supported by Octa. And then how big is the opportunity for desktop apps?Mike Newman: Um so it tends to be in the bigger enterprises. you know, we probably find it less relevant to companies of, you know, one or 200 employees. It tends to be of the probably of the sort of, you know, 500 upwards type organizations that tend to have a reliance on those type of applications. Um, uh, but there are some in particular industries like the accounting sector. There are some legacy apps that we come up, you know, we see regularly and we're just being deployed, you know, we have a deployment with um Azets, which is one of the largest accounting firms in the UK umAdnan Khan: Right. Yeah.Mike Newman: across all of their four and a half thousand UK workforce.Adnan Khan: Mhm.Mike Newman: Um like the adoption is through the roof and the product it's just you it's used by all four and a half thousand regularly every single month.  
00:25:54
 Mike Newman: So it's not like you know it's not like it's unused but it's that shows the kind of the whole zero login and guaranteed adoption thing works.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Mike Newman: But they're actually now looking at rolling us out to a group of about a few hundred that use uh a particular legacy application for tax. It's called Alpha Tax. Um and so that's that's an example of where we see it.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Mike Newman: So it tends tends not to be widespread across across the enterprise but it's a it's a another diff it's a feather in our cap that we have that provide a more holistic user experienceAdnan Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Mike, can you provide?Adnan Khan: And uh I was going to ask from So we we talked about like the employee experience.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry, hold on. Go for it.Adnan Khan: What does it look like from the actual like IT administrator or the person setting it up? Is is is it Yeah. Could you could you talk a little bit about that and potentially make comparisons to like existing solutions out there where possible?  
00:26:53
 Adnan Khan: The reason I ask is because you say it's a simpler simpler experience.Mike Newman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: We just want to try and understand as well like is it also simpler for them or is it just for like the end employee.Mike Newman: Yeah. So from a deployment point of view, it's like the other products, we are largely almost fully cloud ccentric. There are a couple of small desktop components that are optional that need to be installed but they can be rolled out via group policies or in tune. So they can be rolled out centrally by the IT department overnight. So for instance in assets as they as they deployed our solution to the the optional parts they wanted to deploy to the their endpoints the client devices. as it was deployed the next day the users would be engaging with the product straight away without even knowing that they were doing so. So because it's largely cloud centric it's very easy to deploy. So we're talking about you know the actual time to get the core have a you know prerequisite meeting and get it instal get the core installed for them is maybe about a week or something like that.  
00:28:00
 Mike Newman: So they just need to you know spin up a server. They'll put um our kind of core uh what is our directory integration product in the center of their network that handles all the key management and security and the seamless login um and then the rest is all talking to our cloud and so everything else is configured there. So once so there's probably about a week to kind of install the core and then can deployment can be at whatever pace the organization want to do it. You know, some companies choose to just big bang and it's rolled out overnight. Some companies choose to stage it um how many people are required to auto to maintain it.Adnan Khan: Right. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: How many people are required to maintain at 400 population 400?Mike Newman: Um again, it just it depends what they want to do with it. It's pretty much, you know, once it's installed, we would maybe do like a, depending on the size of company, we'd maybe do like a three month um, you know, customer success of c of customer success deployment meetings with them.  
00:29:01
 Mike Newman: And over that three-month period, all we're helping them doing is helping advise them and fine-tune it to make, you know, to get the most out of it. Um and uh and that you know that would maybe be a sort of a 30 minute or one hour meeting once a week over that two to three month period. So and that and that's that's literally as much as they need to do on you know once it's once it's installed and and running it just starts delivering the benefits. It depends how they set it up. There's loads of options about how the enterprise can um can configure it to work for the end users. So there's a lot of flexibility uh in that.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.James: depends.Hassaan Ahmad: But Okay.James: It depends as well for the the the customer I suppose as well. It's the in terms of who how many need to manage it. That's down to the customer as well. What one there's one main admin person there's two we work with what they what they require.Mike Newman: Yeah.  
00:29:54
 Mike Newman: I mean sometime Yeah. Sometimes their their teams are, you know, they might have a team that they, you know, they'll have a team that deal with the configuration management for the desktop builds for, you know, and that installing the the plug-in, distributing the plug-in. They'll have a maybe a system administrator that will spin up a server for us to install our core technology on. And then you might have an application management team that look after my one login on a sort of week toe basis. you know, just go in and sort of fine-tune any settings and do anything that needs to be done there. It depends on the size of the organization as to how they structure that usually. So, Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. So where I'm going with this, Mike, is and you know, I'd love to spend a bit more time when we talk about the ROI pieces. In my mind, when I'm building the investment case for it, you're talking about the cost of the application itself, you're talking about the support cost or the or the the FTE's cost, you know, that's going to require to support the application itself.  
00:30:53
 Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: And then as a suble to it, what I often find in organizations with other tools like octa and so forth is that you know with larger populations there's somebody who's spending at least some part of their day working with the users on hey I've lost my password I've lost my device etc etc. So it's reduction in that time that I'm also quite keen to understand because that help us to build that ROI really quickly.Mike Newman: Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And we we've a whole, you know, we've got like ROI modelers and stuff like that. We've got basic versions of it, advanced versions of it. I've I've actually written a white paper that's on our website about building the business case for identity and access management. And that specifically looks at the business case through the cont through the lens of our differentiators. So in other words, it helps bring some value benefits out that are specifically um only achievable with our USPS um you know things like the adoption. I mean it's all very well if you invest in Octa but actually and you roll it out and you want you know to 100% of the uh the workforce and only 50% of them decide to use it.  
00:32:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: Awesome.Mike Newman: I mean you're not you're not really getting the return on investment that you envisaged from that. Um so whereas with us it's not a choice about whether you use it. It's it's essentially you know it's adoption is guaranteed.Hassaan Ahmad: All right, that's helpful. One last question and then I'd uh stop hijacking.Mike Newman: Mhm. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Can you can you protect applications that usually wouldn't require a login? So for example, can you protect Excel Okay.Mike Newman: Uh, no, no, it's it's got it's it's got to be either um either it requires a username and password already. Um, or it's uh or it is compatible with a pro uh an identity protocol like SAML or OIDC which are the kind of two main um identity protocols.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Well, that's it from me.Mike Newman: Okay, cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Go ahead.Mike Newman: Well, let let me just run through. So, I'll just run through a couple of um slides. So, we've got like tons tons of awards.  
00:33:15
 Mike Newman: So, bit of you know and and and actually particularly the SC awards when I don't know if you know about the SC awards, but they're probably one of the more uh reputable or most reputable security awards in the world, the SC awards. Um, and it's it's the solutions are basically judged by a a panel of judges. So that's like top CIOS from industry and stuff like that. And you know, we've got a link to this on our from our homepage, but there's a quote from, you know, the judges about how we, you know, we manage, you know, really effectively, uh, achieve that balance of convenience and security, you know, um, or user experience and security. Uh so uh anyway so there's tons of awards there if we need to leverage any of that and differentiators um so we've talked about guaranteed adoption we talked about the Windows desktop apps um we also um automate the entry of one-time passwords if the customer want to and this is a this has become very relevant for us in the world of UK accountancy firms because the government's HMRC to log into HMRC what's it's called government gateway in the UK.  
00:34:31
 Mike Newman: The um accountants that are filing on behalf of their clients typically need to enter a one-time password. Now at the moment it's a 10step process for them to log into government gateway and we condense that into one click. So we turn 10 steps into one click and we automate the generation and entry of the one-time password when government gateway pops up and says okay you know thanks for entering your username and password now what's your one-time code we also automate that bit as well so it's a very slick straight through process with one click um we um have zero zero knowledge encryption so we talked about that That's the kind of industry term for what we do where where we don't you know it's client side encryption and we don't know the encryption keys that are used to protect the data. Um we can eliminate fishing as we talked about uh and account hijacking. Um we um we can also detect and manage shadow IT risks. So to give you an example again using something like assets um you know we've we've dis discovered and integrated over 2,000 applications across that workforce.  
00:35:49
 Mike Newman: Now you know we've gone in before to companies where they thought they had like 40 corporate applications web applications being used and we've discovered 600. So there's a whole bundle of shadow IT risks that we ma manage or enable the organization to manage by detecting that users are logging into these external cloud applications and we enable them to bring it under the controlled management of my one login as the identity management system and from there they can then you know make decisions about whether they want to continue using those applications whether you know they want to enforce stricter security for the passwords on these applications and maybe put some step up policies to uh you know to put some more control over over the access so they can start to um manage the security uh a lot better on these apps. Um and then finally we provide an audited mechanism for passwords to be shared where permitted. So there's a lot of you know sometimes you depending on who you talk to they'll frown upon password sharing but the reality is there are pockets of organizations where password sharing happens.  
00:37:03
 Mike Newman: It happens because it often needs to happen. An example again is government gateway for the UK accountants you where you can have you know in in a in a in an accountancy firm you might have a hundred government gateway accounts login basically that need to be shared amongst two or three thousands of the workforce who need controlled access to that. um we do that in a controlled way where there's a full audit trail that shows which end user was actually accessing or even viewing a password at any point in time. Um so that's our kind of that's the kind of main headlines for our differentiation. That's a bit about architecture. I can jump back to that if you want to know any any more but the suffice to say the core is in the cloud that all the main stuff happens in the cloud. That's where the admin interface is, the web app is that you know everything that the user does is via the the cloud. Um we talked about the encryption. So typically other vendors take the customer's passwords and send it up to their servers where they exist on plain in plain text.  
00:38:06
 Mike Newman: I mean there is some HTTPS or TLS I think what's called TLS encryption but that's just you know um AC up the up the wire when it gets to the customers sorry the the vendor's server or competitor's servers then they encrypt it using keys that they have access to whereas with my one login we have a totally different approach where we encrypt the passwords inside the customer's environment and all we are shipping up the wire is the useless encrypted data that's impossible to access without the corresponding keys.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Mike Newman: Is that making sense so far?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Uh did I'll skip through this stuff just now. Uh and then um trust and security. I'll skip through that at the moment. So we made it on to we were for the first time we got mentioned by Carpenter Cole last year in their leadership compass for privileged access management. So that's a real uh positive. Um we are we use Crest approved pen testers. Crest approved as a sort of um I think originated from the Bank of England standards for pen UK pen testing.  
00:39:21
 Mike Newman: It's basically it's a sort of gold standard for pen testing and we are uh classified as an A+ rating which is categorized as being suitable for use in defense and we're quite happy to share that with our customers and prospects. Um uh what else? Um we've got some other other bits and bobs um there. Password policy enforcement I talked about that as well. So you as in within the admin side the administrators can go and configure password policies for specific applications and uh change the basically force these passwords to be changed the next time users log into that app. So the next time the user logs in my one login will take over do a quick password change in line with the policy that's been set by the administrators and then hide that password from the user. And if the user doesn't know it, how can they be fished for it? And my one login will not reveal the password to a spoofed URL, you know, so if it's a if someone clicks on a malicious link, our our product won't run on that URL because we know it's a spoofed URL and not the legitimate one that was uh set up for that um identity.  
00:40:38
 Mike Newman: Um we talked about the shadow IT risks. Again, this is how we we do that in the admin side of things. We detect these applications being accessed and logged into and we provide a notification alert on that and that and the the customer can just make a very easy policy decision about whether they want to add it onto the inclusion list. And all that means is that from now on anybody logging into that application the identity they use the username and password they use will be swept up you know learned by the system encrypted and stored linked to that user's directory profile. So wherever the user logs in from the next whatever device they log into they'll be carrying with them all of the identities that they you know we we our tech gives them access to all the identities they need for any of their applications.Adnan Khan: And Mike, is this list um at like the entire entity or company level or you can also see at a user level as well like an employee level?Mike Newman: So you can Yeah.  
00:41:36
 Mike Newman: So this is on a this is a companywide uh set inclusion and exclusion list but you can have exceptions for users. So you can create local exceptions for users. For instance, you might want um you know, you might have the um uh accounts for let's say um Twitter or X, you know, and and you could say, well, actually, we don't want to learn everybody's we don't want to store everyone's Twitter account, but we do want the marketing team to store it and use it. So you can create exceptions where they can locally they can set up the Twitter account and share it with the rest of the marketing team.Adnan Khan: Got it.Mike Newman: But even though it's on the exclusion list Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Mike, is there a dashboard view of these shadow IT applications where somebody can go in and see that, you know, for something like Canva, there's 300 people that are using it?Mike Newman: So just just to the right of this and is maybe something we need to we're going through a big UI refresh at the moment but on just to the right of this and what's off screen is a view users button.  
00:42:44
 Mike Newman: So to the right of that select an action you can go in to see how many users are actually have have actually logged into that product. Um in fact that would be a good thing to add just as a a number of user you know so you could get a kind of headline number on that uh on that part of the UI. Um, so we'll we'll take a note of that and and add that into our our refresh. Um yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, because what that's going to do and um I'm thinking of it from a CIO or CTO persona. There's a lot of tools that are used independently by users. Like take Chat GPD for example. That's something that literally 80% maybe 90% of population in any company is using if not more.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: there is an opportunity for the company to either build some guard rails around it or get a enterprise agreement around it right both of which are really really good and especially with things like chat GPT or you knowMike Newman: Yep.  
00:43:42
 Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: things like Canva and so forth what's really important is to make sure that you know you you anything that's coming out is you know it's it's protected it adheres to the branding guidelines etc there's an opportunity which IMike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: don't think there is a tool that does across the state and I think that could be a real game changer a real kind ofMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yep.Adnan Khan: That's actually quite big that it is like Meta had this problem for a really long time as well cuz they they had like pockets of teams signing up to individual plans and they were like team like five teamsMike Newman: Okay.Adnan Khan: that weren't talking to each other and they had like multiple enterprise plans but the account manager didn't do the due diligence like Connect these things together.Mike Newman: Yeah. you know that that's okay that's brilliant. It's great to hear that because that's the first time I probably heard that coming out for you know as I kind of how important that is. It's probably never really emerged that much from our customer.  
00:44:45
 Mike Newman: I mean we we tell them they can do this. So that's really great to hear and I think you know it's it's it's it's part of our you know part of our messaging is that look this is the other solutions that are out there have tended to be deployed with a fixed number of known applications that the IT team know are being used across the organization but actually where the real risk lies is in the the landscape beyond that. So the the it's it's the and it's individual line of it's not the applications that are used across the whole workforce where the risk is because it tend to know about them. It's the line of business applications that are being used within departments and where you know teams and departments have just acted autonomously and as you see adnan they've just they've just gone ahead and said right we'll set thisAdnan Khan: Yeah.Mike Newman: up over here let's get a you know however many licenses we need for our and then someone else in another team in the same company has said yeah we need that product we'll get a you know we'll get a set of licenses and it's totally out of control and it comes back to we can then deliver another value benefit off the back of that which is that once we've detected and reported on this stuff, we can  
00:45:51
 Adnan Khan: Yeah.Mike Newman: also provide we're not we're not technically a software asset management product, but we can give you MI on your your software utilization across the workforce. So you might look at it and say, "Well, hang on. My my one login says that we're paying for, you know, a thousand Salesforce uh sorry that we're using a thousand Salesforce accounts, but actually we're paying for 2,000. Why is that? When, you know, only a thousand were used last month. So we can start to provide MI that can allow the organization to drive cost reductions.Adnan Khan: Yeah. And I think this comes back to the ROI story, right? Like if we want to get people to spend, then we actually are showing them the ROI up front, whether or not they realize it. Like they may use this feature once, but it might justify their ROI for for a longer period ofMike Newman: Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, okay. So, the user experience options we talked about as well, we've got, you know, for us the big USP is that just it can just run in the background if you want it to or you can offer the users a portal from which they can launch their applications.  
00:47:07
 Mike Newman: Um, in terms of ROI, this slide kind of summarizes it that you know this far greater risk mitigation compared to other competitors because of the much wider compatibility. And if you can factor in, and this is just some estimated figures, but you know, if you think about the percentage of apps that are compatible with the solution, the percentage of users that decide whether to use the solution or not, and then the percentage of that users's passwords that they decide to store in it, that can have a huge compound reduction in the actual real value benefits that are achieved from the the product. Um whereas with us the you know the percentage of users that use it and the their engagement with it what they store with it is entirely defined by the enterprise itself essentially not by the user which means you can get 100% usage and adoption. Um we mitigate the fishing risk so you get a return on investment from that. Um we detect and manage shadow IT that we talked about. Um we underpin a whole range of compliance obligations.  
00:48:14
 Mike Newman: So if you look at things like uh you know a couple of years ago we wrote a white paper on how we enable cyber essentials plus and we we help companies achieve something like I think it's James was it like 27 out of 50 odd of the or 50 or 60 of the yeah 27 out of 55 of the obligations under cyber essentials plus our tech our solution actually helps you demonstrate to the auditors, you know,James: 27 55 I think it is.Mike Newman: put puts the controls in place that that tick what the auditors need. We help with ISO as well because there's a whole ISO is all about, you know, um h control and governance over access to data and our system does exactly that. It gives you the audit trail, the governance and the controls over who's enabled, who's who's permitted to access what and the audit trail of when they did so. Um, you get the productivity benefit because you eliminate time wasted logging into applications. Like I said, for for the accountancy sector, 10 steps to log into government gateway and it takes a long time to go through those 10 steps manually.  
00:49:24
 Mike Newman: We distill that into one click. Um, we reduce the IT admin overheads associated with provisioning and deprovisioning and also Han as you you mentioned I think earlier about the password reset costs and the impact that has on help desk and service desks. Um, we reduce user friction, so you get a whole morale benefit there where people aren't, you know, basically hitting their head off a brick wall because they've got yet another password to remember. Um, and we can reduce the, um, software license pool costs as, as we discussed earlier, because we can report on how many are of these identities are actually, you know, subscriptions are actually being used in any given period.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Uh Mike, do you mind going back one slide real quick? Um sorry.Mike Newman: Sure.Adnan Khan: Um I wanted to understand uh so I know the portal option.Mike Newman: Okay.Adnan Khan: I understand that the seamless option I know there's been like there are different solutions like some have like browser plugins in some cases there are like apps. What is your solution to the seamless option?  
00:50:24
 Mike Newman: So, we've got both. So, we have a we have a browser plugin. That's generally the that the the browser plugin is Okay.Adnan Khan: Mhm.Mike Newman: So, so the browser like if I just I'll actually just flip back very briefly to the um architecture slide and show you what's in here. Um can you see that? Okay. Or is it stopped sharing? Did it stopped?Adnan Khan: No, it's not hearing.Mike Newman: Okay. Right. Hang on. Let me just share that again. Uh okay. Can you see that? Okay.Adnan Khan: Yes.Mike Newman: Okay. So, so on the bottom left there, you'll see that there are a couple of optional desktop components to provide single sign on using protocols like um SAML or OIDC. You do not need to install anything on the desktop. Okay, it will just work and you don't need and the user doesn't have to log in um because we um we can be deployed and there there's actually three different v ways that we can enable the zero login process but none of them require any local install or any action to be taken by the end user.  
00:51:38
 Mike Newman: Okay, it's a centrally configured thing. So what we do is well cut long story short I mean one of the options is you can append a little query string onto the homepage URL of your of the browser.Adnan Khan: Right.Mike Newman: So that's just centrally deployed.Adnan Khan: Got it.Mike Newman: Our plug-in will detect the query string. It will then know which account it belongs to. So it will say okay right I'm I'm part of the remoteier business and there and then it will and then it will say okay so I know that I am either an AD connected account or you know soAdnan Khan: Yeah.Mike Newman: active directory connected or maybe I'm an intra directory account and so it will then look for the internally within your organization the customer's organization it will look for the our entra directory connector or directory connector and then thatAdnan Khan: Right. Okay.Mike Newman: will enable it to authenticate with that user and this all happens in the background without the user knowing. So that's one way is by using a query string.  
00:52:38
 Mike Newman: We can also use like a hidden bookmark. So you can have a hidden bookmark hidden in the browser favorites and we can detect it from that.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Mike Newman: And then the third way to do it is the the company can open my one login as the main or second tab and that will just that will actually open the vault in the background but it can justAdnan Khan: Right. Yeah. Yeah.Mike Newman: open it do the authentication and then close it if that's what you want. So there's three different ways we enable zero login and it's it also works the exact same thing in a Mac environment.Adnan Khan: Was a Mac environment.Mike Newman: So, if you're on a Mac that's directory connected, it's the same authentication process.Adnan Khan: Okay, great.Mike Newman: It just goes to the directory connector and says who who am I on the directory.Adnan Khan: All right.Mike Newman: If I'm already logged into Microsoft Office 365 and and ENTRA because because I usually would be anyway as soon as I log on to the um the device then that we just take that delegated trust and use that to authenticate with my one login and then all the applications after that.  
00:53:38
 Mike Newman: So the optional parts the optional parts there are the browser connector which is basically the plugin and that's only required where um web apps that use credentials are being signed into.Adnan Khan: Okay.Mike Newman: So for you know yet so for most of the functionality you need that browser plugin because that's what detects the shadow IT that's what um fills in the forms on the web applications pretty much the same way aAdnan Khan: Yeah.Mike Newman: consumer password manager does but it's all centrally controlled and has zero login does that no worries okay so um let me just Uh uh so yeah so I I think that's it in termsAdnan Khan: Okay, thank you for that. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Thank you for that.Mike Newman: of the kind of headlines about why so multi-word most secure most widely compatible and best user experience that is pretty much our um our kind of key we've got uh some case study stuff and things like that and some videos in there um but I think that probably more Okay okay okay brilliant so we've got we've Hopefully a good amount of that that we can use.  
00:54:44
 Adnan Khan: Yeah, the videos and case studies will be golden for us, but that comes later.Mike Newman: So Jake, do you want to see you want a little demo now? Do you want to pause for any questions or a quick break for anyone want to probablyHassaan Ahmad: love to see a demo. But before we get into it on the government gateway piece where you're talking about reducing the 10 steps to one that's instinctively I just want to use that angle. I don't know if you've tried it or not. What?Mike Newman: not strong enough, but yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry.Mike Newman: Yeah, we we we we I think we've mentioned it, but sometime I we could definitely do more with it. I think you're right. It does intuitively it sounds like a big headline and we probably don't make enough noise about it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Now I'm just thinking about the timeline as well, right? Because self assessments coming in um leading up to now the um the budget as well. Rachel Reeves is not helping which is good for us I think because every business is want to try to get ahead of whatever bomb that she's going to drop.  
00:55:47
 Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So I think there is an opportunity that we could leverage here and that opportunity is quite simply hey you can do a lot more a lot faster with something like this right so you don't have to worry aboutMike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: that andMike Newman: And the other the other thing for accountants is that actually they they particularly at this time of year will start to experience a lot of account lockouts with government gateway because if people are trying to sign in with the wrong government gateway password that locks the whole team out of that government gateway account. So if you have let's say the London office and the London office might have a thousand employees that need access to the London office government gateway account and one person doesn't have the up-to-date password for it and tries their own one three times that locks out that whole company and they can be down for hours while the person that set it up goes through a a re they have to wait for that original person to go through like a reset process.  
00:56:51
 Mike Newman: So it can be quite a big impact on companies not just from the time taken to log in but from the downtime. And we hear that a lot, don't we James, about the lockout account lockouts.James: Yeah, especially especially with January coming up which is a busy time that they can't afford to have locked out because what they'll mention before and I mentioned in the demo that a lot of the one one of the steps when they're logging into the government gateway is they've got to go to government gateway page. They're then got to go to a spreadsheet somewhere and find the government gateway 12digit ID, the pass the password that relates to that ID and copy and paste them into the government gateway, you know, fields and then clickHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.James: sign in. the the risk is like Mike said there that if someone changes that password or enters it wrong but doesn't change on the spreadsheet someone's copying the wrong the wrong password then effectively and I've had the example not long ago someone saying that that's one of the reasons they're doing it with my login is that they've had lockouts before and then the process of having to go I've been locked out and then the whole team are locked out they then can't do the VAT return for that prospect because they're all locked out.  
00:58:05
 James: Then it then impacts the end client because they can't get work done enough time. So the kind of knock on effect and then the password the password reset process for everyone's different. It can take an hour, it could take a few hours, it could take a day. Um it all depends because obviously it teams have got other things to do. So it depends whose responsibility is for for that.Mike Newman: and and we'd be happy to talk you through those 10 steps later on as well if you want to just to get the breakdown of what what's involved. It's the same 10 steps that pretty much every company goes through at the moment to log in. Um so and it's cumbersome. Um and uh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I'm sure Adil can see a visual in its mind where, you know, we're probably thinking about the same creative, you know, 10 steps to one, but this isMike Newman: So um there's another actually another part of government gateway which only we do which is that the sign in URL for government gateway. Um and I don't know James if you don't want you to just pop this in the chat just now.  
00:59:05
 Mike Newman: Do you mind James if you've got it there? the but the the actual sign in URL for government gateway um it doesn't let you navigate straight to that URL. You have to go to another page on government gateway first to set a session cookie before you then go to the signin page. So go for it, Adnan.Adnan Khan: I was going to ask are there I I know we're using the government gateway example but are there other like use cases as well like are and if so are there in the hundreds or beyond that we can actually talk about or is it less than of of workflow simplification in general.Mike Newman: Um, and other use cases within the accountancy sector or other use cases of of across other industries?Adnan Khan: Like if if we're bringing 10 steps down to one across all industries everywhere.Mike Newman: Okay. Okay.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Mike Newman: I I I would say not not that we know. There may be stuff out there, but not that we know of yet. Not that we've found yet.  
01:00:11
 Mike Newman: I think the main one that we enable is the general friction associated with just getting through the username and password side of things. So, if you go through a username and password and maybe a one-time password, we can automate that. So that would be a few steps you know but those those you know those steps often are if they don't have any single sign on solution then having us in place will mean that they don't have to go to a spreadsheet they don't have to copy and paste the username copy and paste the password they don't have to navigate to the website they're going to in the first place they don't have to click sign in they don't have to then go and fetch an a onetime password from their phone and copy that and then paste that in or type it in you know so There are general efficiencies that we bring to it, but probably we have a bit less to offer in differentiation than we do with government gateway. That's the one that we found that hey we can we can do this.  
01:01:08
 Mike Newman: So there may be other use cases out there but we just haven't found them yet. Um but that link that James has sent um if you click on that link you see Right.Adnan Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Maybe if you click on it, it just says you can't access it. Or at least that is for me.Mike Newman: Exactly. So now the thing is with that is that any other product on the market that is the URL that that when the accountants do sign into that that's the URL that will be stored in the password manager or product or the you know that that that they're using. And that means that the next time people go to launch it from that password manager, what's the message that's going to get, you know, that they're going to get? It's going to be the thing you've just seen, which is that you cannot access this from this page, right? So, it's errorprone. Now, if they happen to have been through government gateway recently within the last, I don't know, half an hour or however long that say, they might get it in, but it's not reliable and it's prone to error.  
01:02:06
 Mike Newman: So they've got an errorrone link and that's what other password managers will save.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: What James will show you is how our product works and it just goes straight into that signin page with one click. So I don't know do we want do you want to take a two-m minute break or anything just for Okay, that's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: We we can do that. But before we go, we've got 30 minutes. So we can extend this or should we rather than taking the demo should we go through the existing GTM activity so that we have an understanding of that.Mike Newman: We just Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What would what would you like about that?Adnan Khan: I I'm okay to skip the demo because I I think the context that Mike's given that paints a pretty solid picture. Um, but we I wonder if there's a way to like do a recording of the demo that we can consume async.Mike Newman: I mean the the the demo is very quick. I mean it's like two minutes you know it's just the user it's only the user we're not going to go into any of the admin side unless you want us to and I don't think we need to today  
01:02:57
 Adnan Khan: Okay.Mike Newman: I think but I think the you know the admin side would just be covering stuff that you've already seen in the slides and we can do this and we can do that but actually it's the user experience thatAdnan Khan: Okay.Mike Newman: I think is the more powerful thing to see.Adnan Khan: Okay.Mike Newman: So that that only takes a couple of minutes. So, okay.Adnan Khan: So maybe we do the two-minute version of that and then we can go into go to market.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we do a break first.Mike Newman: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: Maybe reconvene at 10. All right, I'm going to go off screen.Mike Newman: Okay. Yeah.James: Yeah, fine.Mike Newman: Good. Sounds good. Perfect. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Mute everything.Mike Newman: Okay. Cheers.Hassaan Ahmad: How's the veic?Mike Newman: Hello. Uh yeah, just I keep setting out with a plan and then curve balls keep coming in. So today I've Yeah, something's cropped up in the last 24 hours I just need to get on to.  
01:08:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: But it's all good. It's hopefully all good stuff. It's just uh it's just stuff that I wasn't expecting. So, um it's keeping James and I on our toes. So, it is it's a yeah, it's a new new um a new contract hopefully.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Is that a new customer or problem with?Mike Newman: So, and it's a it's a really good size uh UK account another UK accounty firm. So, um but uh still got a little bit little bit of work to do. Yeah, we're not quite there, but thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Well, congrats and good luck. All right, James, should we go into the demo then?James: Yes. Let me How the work.Mike Newman: No, no pressure, James. E, no pressure whatsoever.James: No, I was going to say might just if I miss it and jump like me says I'm not going to any great detail on it. Give you the overview of the kind of user aspect of it. Um if I can find how to share this uh screen.  
01:09:29
 James: How do IHassaan Ahmad: while James is loading up. Who do you who do you sell to? Not the technical. So you've got obviously your technical buyers, but who are they getting the budget approved from?Mike Newman: Yeah. So, well, I mean that's a different one again. budget approval is possibly different from who we sell to. The the the people we've been sometimes we find it has been like for for instance with assets it was a project it was led by the security team. However, we generally try to sell to the accountants that have the problem because that usually is what open they can then open up the door to the IT team and the technologists and say we have this problem here's the solution can you go and look into it but if you know we we often need that advocacy within the part of the business that's got the problem so we usually that would come from maybe like a um head of uh tax or you know a head of business outsourcing direct.  
01:10:39
 Mike Newman: You know whoever what maybe a partner that runs the business outsourcing function which is what who you know the team that essentially handle all of the operational accounting stuff that needs to be done on behalf of clients becauseHassaan Ahmad: Wow.Mike Newman: they are the teams that log in and out of government gateway. So that that government gateway use case is the one that we found we can find usually find a really really strong advocacy within at a senior level within the accounting side of the business because there's there's a aJames: That's becauseMike Newman: number of breach vectors that we protect against as well you know and and know we can talk about that later as well but there's some really you know crazy frauds that can happen if the accountancy firm isn't in control of those government gateway login or the login for zero for instance. Um and once we make them aware of those frauds, they start to get panic a little about bit about it and then we tell them we can help with that because we can take all of these passwords out of the hands of your workforce and put your organization back in control eliminating all that risk.  
01:11:46
 Mike Newman: Um and that usually is enough to that and the efficiency is usually enough for them to say great I'll put you in touch with the IT team and you know take it forward and so but then we have to you know when it comes to the we we tend not to be that close to the CFOs and this the budgetary sign off I mean obviously we'll work with you know putting together quotes and all that sort of stuff but I don't know whether maybe it's an area we need to get you closer to as part of our prospects. But sometimes we just feel we get kept at a distance from the the budget approval side of things which is obviously a risk. Um which umHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No, that's that's that's a challenge for almost everybody, right? Uh there's gatekeepers that keep that protect access to the economic buyers. Um it's often a matter of giving them the right story, right? and then building credibility for them which is you know something that we can help with.  
01:12:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um I have a lot of other questions but I'll shoot them on Slack. I don't want to monopolize this. So James go for it.James: That's fine. Um, can everyone see this this um desktop my my screen? Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.James: Yeah. Excellent.Adnan Khan: Yes, sir.James: I can't see you. I can't see you guys here. So, if anyone's got a question, just just shout at me. Um, so one thing I'll touch on, but Mike spoke about at the beginning of how we again differ from some other solutions is that we can run in the background. So the user themselves talk about adoption once they're logged into their directory of their entra and they come into the system my one login will work in the background. So they don't physically need to log in to my one login to to to make it work. So you one thing I point to a lot of customers when I'm demoing is that what you see here is my login is working but in the background already. Sometimes they be prompted by their current solution to log in their username and password.  
01:13:53
 James: So here they don't need that login works seamlessly in the background for them which means again guarantees adoption and the user themselves doesn't need to do anything to actually to make it work. Um, so we can work with obviously someMike Newman: Sorry just just very quickly J and I think it's also worth not it's not just the login but there's no need for the users to initialize their account either you know they don't they don't get an email outAdnan Khan: Right. Good.Mike Newman: that invites them to register or they don't have to set up a a passphrase or a key or you know anything like that. So right from the get-go there is no need to for them to initialize an account or set up an account or or receive an invite. there's then no need for them to log in. So it is to totally invisible to the end user and that just drastically drops the barriers to roll out and adoption because you don't need to train people on it because it's just going to work for them and do good stuff that helps them.  
01:14:52
 Mike Newman: Um and and it guarantees adoption.Hassaan Ahmad: What happens if the laptop gets stolen?Mike Newman: So, so we're not actually tied to the laptop itself. It's we're tied to their, for instance, their directory account. So, they would have had to if the laptop was stolen, they you know, they they would have they would have to log in to the laptop under the directory account of that user. So all that's happening is that we are connected seamlessly to the directory login because when a when a member of the workforce logs into the corporate directory that's the organization saying we trust you have access to all these corporate resources. Now if you do want to you can put in another step where they have to provide other authentication to get into my one login but we've not found that anybody wants to use that because they know that that's just creating a barrier to the use of the product and the organization have already said look if we've let you onto this laptop and onto the device that's because we we trust you are who you say you are.  
01:15:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: You've either used if you're offnet you've used multiffactor to authenticate with entra you know if you're on prem you've lo you're logged on to entra anyway you know it's so so or or if you're on the active directory you know you're you're on you're essentially on prem and sitting plugged into the corporate network so the organization already trust them at that point and all we're doing is we just allow the organization to use delegate that trust to us does that make senseHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.James: Um, okay. So, yeah. So, once the users actually logged in, they they just navigate to the application that they're looking for, um, whether that be through the URL they're typing in or what I find is most have got kind of bookmarks saved, um, within the the bar or on screen. Um, and they're just navigating to the app as they normally would. there's no change to how the user behaves. They go to the same applications normally would the same the same method but this time once they look to to to log in we we will take over from from that point.  
01:17:08
 James: Um so there's two examples I show here. I'll show the zero login example first because in this example I've only got access to one account. Um so what would happen here is when I launch so typically as a user when they launch the the zero application they'll be prompted for their username and password for that for for that account and this is my login will take over and we will um fill in the credentials for the user as long as they have permission um and hide the password from the user themselves so they can't see it. In this example as well, we spoke about OTP at the start. So, I've got the one-time password um code set up for for zero. So, just before I am logged in to zero through my one login, I'll be prompted for the the the digit six digits, my one login will then automatically fill that code for me and log me in. So, as a user, I've not had to go and find the code somewhere. Typically from a from an accounting point of view um there's normally someone within the office or in the firm that is responsible for getting the code and sharing it with the team.  
01:18:20
 James: Um so this takes that away um from that point of view again reducing the time it takes to go and get the code or share it from that way. So if I just launch umMike Newman: Just just just before you before you do that, Jim, just one thing to say is we we actually we don't we don't just fill the code. We we we're generating the codes as well because that code changes every 30 seconds. So we you know we we generate the onetime password based on you know the dependent on the the which is variable depending on the time at which you you attempt to access it and then we fill it into the application uh to submit it. Sorry chips.James: nothing. Um, yes. So, if I um launch the zero bookmark, it will fill in details, fill in the code, and log me in. So, as a user, I've not I clicked one button, and we'll talk about the one click sign in. One click and I'm logged into to that account. I've not had to type anything or view or or see anything from that point.  
01:19:25
 James: So from a user point of view, very quick, very easy. And again, I've not had to be trained on what to do from that point. It's the same way I was as I would normally do, but my longest took over and made that process a lot simpler for for the end user.Mike Newman: Any questions?Adnan Khan: I I can I was I was seeing Hassan smile and I I wonder if we're smiling for the same reason, but my reason for smiling was I can see that as a GIF on the landing page, just thatJames: Any questions on it?Adnan Khan: thing repeating over and Um, so when we build our landing pages, we try and give people quick sort of aha moments as fast as possible.Mike Newman: See, see that again. Ad done. Sorry.Adnan Khan: And so for me, it's like just have just just show that as as like a GIF that is looped.Mike Newman: All right. Okay. Yeah. Just show that video looping on the Okay. Yeah.Adnan Khan: U, but that's that's something we can go figure out.  
01:20:15
 Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool.Adnan Khan: I I think that that to me was the aha moment because you were saying, oh, we're able to go fetch like the six-digit code.Mike Newman: Great.Adnan Khan: In my mind, it's like, oh, so there's something that looks into the email and pulls it up. What it didn't occur to me is like you're actually the authentic my one login is also the authenticator app.James: Yeah.Mike Newman: Exactly.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Mike Newman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Mike Newman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: So, I think that's the that's the part that was missing in my brain that could neededMike Newman: Okay. Great.James: Yeah. Um the other example is the alo for accountancy is a government gateway. Now we spoke about also the the the 10 steps. Um the the main thing I'll show here is that the typically the users will click on this bookmark. They'll be taken to the the main page of government gateway. They click a sign on button and then it takes them to a page where they need to go and enter their government gateway ID, their the password and at that point they've got to go and fetch it from a spreadsheet or a document somewhere and copy and paste.  
01:21:16
 James: That's where the longevity comes into it. um what we have done and what we showed the link that I shared on the uh on the chat um we use that link and we take the user straight to the signin page. Now in this example here I've got access to more than one account within government gateway as most users will. So it won't sign me in automatically. It will give me the option of what accounts that or what account I want to access. So, if I click on the government gateway, it'll take me straight to this page here. Um, so we're taking the user directly to this page, which in at the moment they can't do. Um, and it's Yeah.Mike Newman: Yeah. So you'll remember that that was the broken link that you guys you tried earlier. So but we've just we we circumvent that whole process. We go to another page, set the session cookie, take legitimately take the the user to the actual signin page without any error. So it's 100% reliable unlike the other uh products that would fail to reliably reach that page.  
01:22:21
 James: And then in most examp Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: click on any of those. I assume you are going toJames: So, so most examples, uh, most accounting firms, most accountants or most, um, um, users will have access to more than one account and where the challenge is that they then got to go to the spreadsheet or the document and find the relevant code um, for that customer. Now, sometimes I I do get told that, yeah, I I I get the code. I know what the codes are, but they don't know what account it relates to. So they've got to go and fetch it. Sometimes the risk can be is that they'll put the wrong code in with or the right code the wrong code the right password or wrong me about and that's where they get lockouts. So what we have done um we can provide the user with uh a drop-own list here of all the accounts that that user has permission to access and they can scroll down. So it takes away the need for them to go and find the spreadsheet or find the the the document.  
01:23:24
 James: It's all here for them and they can find the account that they're looking for or uh good question.Hassaan Ahmad: Is that something James you do automatically or is that something that they have to go and write a label for?James: M set us up.Mike Newman: So uh we do that automatically in the in the background.James: Yeah.Mike Newman: So we just we um sorry the the admin whoever they have got administering the service. Now that can either be an IT team you know in some place places it's the security team in some places they give maybe a like a super user who currently manages all the government gateway accounts and they can just click to to share certain government gateway accounts with certain teams and users because we are connected to their corporate directory. We also synchronize all the users with my one login and all the teams on their directory with my one login. So they can just share you know say like I want to share all of these government gateway accounts with the London office but I only want to share these ones with the leads office you know and then any users who are part of the London or leads group will get their respective access to what they are permitted to access.  
01:24:45
 Mike Newman: So that's all done by one essentially you know what either either a user that they want to to manage it or by their admin. So they can choose you know how that's administered depending on what suits their working practices.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay, this is good.James: Um, yeah. Another option the user can do is if they want to, they can search for the account that they're looking for and then they can just pick that one that's there. And once they click on that account, it will then launch the um the application. It'll log them in and again you'll see me being prompted for the code. My login will automate and fill in the code for them and then it'll log me in. So if I click on this gateway account again the password then is hidden from me. So I don't know what the password is. The code is filled in and I'm logged in. So again, I've taken those all those steps into just going to your drop down and picking the the account you want and we're logging into the account you require.  
01:25:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: I'm just smiling because I'm going to need this in like, you know, a week's time when I have to do my self assessment and so forth. This is incredibly powerful and um I love it. IJames: Yeah. And this and this is where we spoke about who make who we speak to. We speak to ideally um you know head of tax, tax directors, partners because initially the conversation they think it's a techn a technical conversation they're having and it kind of puts them off. Once we get them on the hook and we get and we can show them this, it then hits home that ah this would work for me.Hassaan Ahmad: Perfect.James: Um because what a lot of times especially with accountancy firms accessing government gateway has always been a problem. However, a lot of firms, a lot of partners, tax directors um haven't known that there's a way to fix it, a way to make it better. So, they've just done what they've done for years because that's the way you think it's always been done. Um but now there's there's a way there's a they've not they were unknown.  
01:27:00
 James: there was a solution out there that could fix that for them. So once we actually show and demonstrate this to them and what it can do, you're right, it's very powerful in terms of how it looks to them and then and then it kind of hits home um that it's built built for them. It's built for accounting firms um to to make it work. UmHassaan Ahmad: how how worried you would be if you were to put this all over LinkedIn as in is this uh is this something that you want to protect and only share with people once you have qualified them and get them got them into a demo or are open to using what we're talking about as a way to get people interested.Mike Newman: Yeah, absolutely.James: Yeah.Mike Newman: I mean, we've got we've got it on the it's on the video on the front page in our website that we show we show all this stuff. So, yeah, I mean, I think we just want to get it out there and, you know, I think that we've got more to gain than to lose.  
01:28:02
 Mike Newman: I think, you know, in terms of if you know, if some other competitors feel that there's something there and they they want to develop their product, I mean, that will happen in due course.James: Wait.Mike Newman: But um but I think we've got more to gain at this stage in terms of winning business from standing out than um the risks of of um losing out to competitors further down the line. So umJames: Yeah. Yeah. I agree.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, good stuff.James: And um the suppose the other other alternative maybe spoke on is that obviously the seamless part of my login running in the background. You can obviously give the users a their own um vault.Hassaan Ahmad: Jame um just we're at the end of 90 minutes. Is everybody happy to extend or do we have a stop for anybody?Mike Newman: Uh, I'm okay.James: I'm okay if Yeah.Mike Newman: Yeah.Adnan Khan: I can go overHassaan Ahmad: Okay, good. Let's do it.Mike Newman: Okay.James: Any other questions on any of this guys or is anyone else want me to show Mike?  
01:29:04
 James: I think that's mostly mostly I think.Mike Newman: Yeah. I mean, I would I would you can hide those folders just now because not everyone uses again that just to minimize it.James: Yeah.Mike Newman: But there is a there is the portal there that can be offered. This can be white labeled for the customer. So quite often they'll have their own branding on this. If they do want to show it, it's easily accessible by just clicking the padlock. So it's straightforward for the user to access if they do want it. They can get some additional functionality here that you haven't seen yet, which is this is where, for instance, if a user has permission to share an identity. I don't know, James, if you want to click on something that you could just show the sharing panel on. Um, so you can see that the user that user can't access that password. They can't see it on the my one login system, but they do have permission to share it. So, they might have other people in their team that need access to it.  
01:29:53
 Mike Newman: And this is where they can set up that um sharing. Just excuse me two seconds, guys. So, you could share this with a team. And holdJames: Yeah. Yes. You you can share this with a team or with a specific user um within the group or or a work group that's set up. So I could share this one um tile that one application with um just for example the marketing team for example by clicking that forward arrow I can then share it with them but I can also make additional permissions in here. So you can set default permissions on settings um or you can allow to to to move these. So I can I can share that one tile with the marketing team. But what I can do is change things like, you know, we don't allow them to onward share. They can view the username, but they can't view the passwords. Um, they can't be able to delete. So, you can then change the permissions on um on what that forwarding group or that other person can do.  
01:30:54
 Mike Newman: So for so because because James didn't have permission to view that password, he the permission that doesn't show for him as being available. So he can't share it with someone else and say, "Yeah, make it make it viewable." If that makes sense. So you can't you can't get more you can't apply more permissions to something than you already have as a user.James: Yeah.Mike Newman: So that's how that that kind of that's controlled. Um uh and there's some other clever stuff we can do in there that if you've got permission to share it fully, you can apply temporal restrictions that only share it with teams for certain days of the week orJames: Heat.Mike Newman: between certain dates or times of day for instance. So you might have teams that you don't want accessing out of out of hours. It will only become available for them to use as an identity within the time windows that you set in there.Hassaan Ahmad: How big of a problem is the government gateway login thing is for the accounting firms?James: That's huge.  
01:31:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.James: Yeah. But but like like I was saying there that the um what I find is that um they see as it's a problem for everyone within accounting firms but because they probably don't re they don't realize that there's a way to fix it. It's the way they've been doing it for years. the way they access government gateway by going to a spreadsheet and copy and pasting, it's what they've always done. And as much as it's a pain for them, they've just done it because it's the way that they think it's to be done.Hassaan Ahmad: They've done it. Yeah.James: But the minute but the minute they think the minute they see actually there's a better way to do this for you, it's an easier way, there's a more secure way to do it, then um they they can they take it more serious. So it is a is more of a um educating and um solving the problem for them because they know it's something that's there and that's why like like the other on especially in accountancy firms the people that we want to speak to are partners, tax directors, it's people that on a daily basis will interact with Want to give  
01:33:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. I, you know, in my mind, what I'm thinking of the angle probably isn't, hey, look at how fast you can get in. It's, you know, it's a couple of levels deeper than that. And and those levels are I think Mike you were talking about it earlier where you can do it fast and you can do it one time which then helps you deliver against your client SLAs's which improves the NPS or importantly because you are not building in any contingency to account for issues like this you can go and win more business right so you can potentially get one or two clients per person more and that's huge, right?James: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so we Yes.Mike Newman: So, we've got got a good uh we've got a kind of onepage PDF that we can throw over as part of this where it kind of summarizes what we feel are the the real benefits not just not the not the features that are different but their benefits for accountancy firms and that includes winning more revenue through competitive differentiation about how they handle this data more securely you know protecting against breaches the blah blah blah that more agility during M&A process processes.  
01:34:22
 Mike Newman: We found coming up with the bigger firms, the mid-tier to large firms are highly acquisitive and as they acquire new accountancy firms into the business, we can automate the discovery and the sweeping up and learning all, you know, discovering and auditing all of the government gateway accounts that are in use in that new firm and bringing them under central management very quickly instead of having to go out to, you know, hundreds of people and say, "Okay, right, everybody, you need to tell me what government gateway accounts to you use and sending out spreadsheets and asking people to fill stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, absolutely.Mike Newman: It's just it's messy, you know, and and timeconuming. So I can I can put that into the the docu I take it. Can I embed a document within the document? I can't. Right. Okay, that's fine. James, just one last thing very quickly is maybe just show the the desktop applications seamlessly from the and then from the portal just to kind of round off that end user piece. Um so this is another example of desktop applications.  
01:35:24
 Mike Newman: So we know that there are some desktop applications in the accountancy firms that are being used. We also know they're heavily used in uh healthcare as well. Um but this is an example of thatJames: Yes. So one of the examples is the use for accounts from especially is the Sage accounts um running from desktop. So again very similar just launching the application from the desktop it then fills in the credentials for the user and logs them straight into that application.Hassaan Ahmad: No. Heat.Adnan Khan: And and just to sort of and I think you've said this before, but as a new user, as a new employee, I get my laptop that's preconfigured. I open it out of the box. The only thing I've entered up until now is my password for the computer. Everything else, the way James, you just double click, that's all preset up for me.James: Yeah.Mike Newman: It it well it depends on it depends on what how the applications themselves ask the user to register. So some applications will send out invites, you know, we're not we're not we're not really in control of that, but when they do register, we'll recommend a password for them, store that password and the username and all that  
01:36:30
 Adnan Khan: Yeah, sure. Yep. Sure. Sure.Mike Newman: sort of stuff. So that bit kind is kind of dependent on the the the applications in use within the enterprise and but some Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Like past the day seven experience essentially. After day seven, you should be atMike Newman: But but but some of the but the ones that are shared like the identities that are shared for instance that you know the government gateway ones if that's shared with a team and that new member of the workforce is has already been added into that team within Entra or Active Directory they'll instantly get access to anything that's been shared with that team on the directory. So there's no so it's it's that whole because another thing we can do is we can you can link your essentially link provisioning policies and configure them via my one login to enable immediate access to certain things once someone joins the organization. So, so we can help automate the whole life cycle management, you know, onboarding and offboarding for uh levers.  
01:37:36
 Adnan Khan: Okay. Um, Hassan, I'm conscious you've got other stuff on your agenda, but this is this is gold seeing these workflows. So, thank you for sharing those, Mike, James.Mike Newman: Brilliant. Yeah, thank you.James: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: it is very likely that we'll come back to you with more requests for networks and stuff as we start working through things. So please do entertain that. But um in the interest of time, I think what would really help the team kind of unblock itself and start working on me and so forth is understanding what else you're doing currently. So Mike, we've talked about this before, but for Lea and Dan's benefit, let's go through all the channels that you're using, right? In terms of what are you doing for paid channels, what do your email campaigns look like? Are you doing anything on LinkedIn? So you talked about retargeting and so just walk us through everything that you're doing and then off the back of this call share maybe the scripts and stuff that you're using as well so that we can take a  
01:38:26
 Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: look at that and either provide some input into it or align the messaging to a different point.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: But yeahMike Newman: Okay. Yeah. Happy to do that. Um so I guess uh I mean what have we not tried? We've done everything. We've tried um tons of uh internal email campaigns where we've bought data, sent emails out. I think in the whole time we've done that, we've maybe had like one lead out of thousands and thousands of emails. And even that has gone cold, James. I think that was the one with Crow, I think, was the only response to an internal email campaign that I can remember.James: Yeah. Yeah.Mike Newman: Um, so we've just really found we've struggled. Now that might be for a number. We might not be getting through spam filters. Um, they're going out HubSpot, you know, so they there's a good chance a lot of them are getting stripped out before they hit their destination.Hassaan Ahmad: Wait, you're Are you doing that currently or was that something  
01:39:24
 Mike Newman: Um, but we've really struggled with h with that side of things. Recently, we've no we we've just stopped doing that. So the the email we're so we're now we're now doing uh a few things. We were up until last month running uh LinkedIn ad campaigns and they were you know we we kind of developed a a kind of high level strategy with some probably more technology benefits you know um maybe our technology USPs because we thought that might attract technologists and we tried retargeting accounts that we had seen landing on the our website from lead forensics. So we built an audience in LinkedIn based on the accounts lead forensics was telling us we're landing and then we targeted the IT professionals within those accounts. Um, as I said, kind of USPled messaging, but probably more about features mainly. Happy to share any of that stuff with you if you haven't. You might be able to see it on LinkedIn anyway. I don't know. But, um, you know, they weren't particularly, you know, there was a few AI based generated ad images.  
01:40:44
 Mike Newman: They weren't didn't look particularly great, but we didn't really get anything from that. So, I've kind of switched that off for now. Um, we uh I do I do wonder if there's maybe more optimization that could be done on that. I think there is in terms of making those ads better, more highly targeted. Um uh uh the the other thing we've been doing recently, we engaged with a company called Cold IQ um for a uh an a pilot campaign on email and not LinkedIn advertising but just LinkedIn outreach. So using things like they use things like um clay and limb list to um enrich data based on our target um profiles and and ICPS and uh and do some LinkedIn outreach you know just building out our network. So James and I have got our LinkedIn accounts connected via LM list the email campaigns with them. You know, again, we've maybe had, I think, one or two possible leads that might go somewhere out of that. So, we've got um a follow-up with an MSP on Friday, which looks of interest.  
01:41:59
 Mike Newman: So, hopefully that can turn into something. Um, so it's not been a huge success, but we feel we maybe are starting to get in the last few weeks, it's felt a lot bit better. And the LinkedIn connection side of it has gone reasonably well. We're getting a lot of the right kind of people that are accepting connections from us and are now building part of our network, but we're maybe not pushing enough content through our own accounts to make that work yet. So, I think there's more to do on that. Um, and that's it really apart from that. I mean, James is doing some individual kind of outreach and, you know, trying to make headway there and, you know, sometimes we'll get a bit of success out of that, but you know, we're we're we're very minimal uh in terms of our our outreach and we just we need to we really need you know, we've got a we've got a great product. Our customer our statistics and our customer adoption is tremendous. I mean, it's really sticky.  
01:43:01
 Mike Newman: So once they get on board with the product and we, you know, we help them get rolled out, it's really sticky. We just need to get more more customers in faster.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Mike Newman: You know, we've got um we've got a lot to do, I think, with over the next 12 months and uh uh in in finding a way to effectively scale this business.Hassaan Ahmad: Are you doing anything on Google, Google Ads or any other paidMike Newman: uh you know so I'm not just now but that was what I that was one of my next moves was to look at could I do some uh paper click we are doing sorry we are we we actually do we do a bit of SEO as well and that's where some of the organic landings are coming from um we uh I I did consider whether we should do some really highly targeted stuff on thing, you know, terms like SSO solutions and enterprise password management solution types, you know, that that type of thing where we're very specific and then use lead forensics to retarget those accounts because that would give us good signs of, you know, it would give us accounts that had intent basically that showed intent if they were, you know, landing off the back of those hats.  
01:44:17
 Mike Newman: Um, so I was thinking about doing something on that front, but I'm very very open to to we have tried paper click in the past and it's very expensive. Hasn't really worked, but we've never really properly done it. I don't in terms of using it to gauge intent. You know, I think we've always wanted someone to just hit a landing page and give us their data and we've never been able to make that happen. Um, so yeah, I think there's I think there's there is definitely more in that channel.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. And then um man, I had a question and now it slipped my mind. Do you have account lists that you have already created um that you're actively prospecting against?Mike Newman: Uh, do we Jake? Do we still have any? We did have a we did have a list um in the past when we did our campaigns and I think we picked like the top 50 accountancy firms. Um we just got it all online. Oh, we we we skipped the top the big four companies because they're too big and too complex to try and get into and we could spend forever in a day trying to just figure out, you know, who was who in there um before we even got them to acknowledge that they had any kind of challenge.  
01:45:37
 Mike Newman: So we've kind of avoided the big four and we're kind of going for everybody else down to the next down to the the top 50 basically. Um so we did have a an a list there.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: I mean we just plucked it you know it changes so frequently because of all the acquisition in this in the accountancy sector. Um, uh, you know, so I can probably dig something out if you if you want or there's probably more up to-ate information sitting online somewhere at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Yeah, that Yeah, I think that that would be helpful.Mike Newman: Happy to sh Happy to share anything that we've got that would help.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, as part of our asks to you is one of the ask is just give us access to your CRM, sanitize it or however we just want to see who do you have in there and uh, you know,Mike Newman: Come on.Hassaan Ahmad: if that's something that we could leverage there. So that would be helpful. Um, Adil, any other channels that we've missed.  
01:46:29
 Mike Newman: Okay.Adeel Khan: No, I think paid paid covered, organics covered. I would love access to those ad accounts. That's uh so I could see how you've set them up. Uh and also if you do have the previous call emails you've sent, like just want to see the messaging and the angles you've used, that would be great.Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay. Yep.Adeel Khan: And I'm not sure if you do, but uh do you know exactly like which blogs are getting you lead flow on the SEO side? All right, cool.Mike Newman: No. Uh well so we use Salesforce as our CRM but we use HubSpot for n lead nurturing basically.Adeel Khan: Yeah. All right. I What CRM do you guys use? Okay.Mike Newman: So um okay and and I think at the moment our website our website is hosted on HubSpot as well.Adeel Khan: Sounds good. All right. Maybe I can find that out. Maybe. Not sure, but maybe. Yeah.Mike Newman: I don't know if that makes any difference.  
01:47:39
 Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Mike Newman: So, um, yeah.Adeel Khan: So, HubSpot might be able to I'll send you a slack.Mike Newman: So, if just yeah, just just if you let me know what you need access to and I can I can set you up. They'll figure out how to do that.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah, I'll send youMike Newman: Okay. Okay. Thanks,Hassaan Ahmad: All right, I'm going to put up my screen again and walk us through um just the plan and what we're going to do. So, wait, give me one sec. Guys, can I just say this has been incredibly incredibly helpful. Thank you. Um, okay. So, I had a bunch of open questions coming into this and I'll share this with you anyway so you can go through it. But everything that's marked in green is what I feel we've sufficiently covered. Um, ask for the remote team guys. If you feel that anything we haven't covered, then maybe add that as a comment and tag um, Mike and James so that they can provide the insight that you're looking for.  
01:48:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: What we haven't gone into is the free trial funnel, but we can talk more about it once we start talking about funnels and so forth as well as you know um your current script and process and so forth James. So shoot across a couple of notes on Slack or add it here that would be helpful. Okay. Now, in terms of what happens next from this point on is we've done the kickoff today, right? If you could take a look at those open questions and get back to us, that would be very, very helpful. Um, I put in the date of 7th November. I don't think any of that is uh is going to block us from starting anyway. So, we'll get started on our research and everything else. But having that information is going to help by the 10th of November, which is um Monday next week. We would be able to give you a highle strategy of this is what we're going to do and it would look something like this. So who we going to target?  
01:49:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: Which personas are we targeting? What does the firm look like? What are the angles we're going to take? What proof points we're going to use? I've marked it as yellow because that's TBD, right? So from this conversation, we've learned a lot and we would add that there. So we'd share something like that with you. We'd make sure that you are happy with that approach and you have had a chance to influence it, to provide any thoughts, any suggestions and so forth. Off the back of that, what we'll start working on is then the landing page copy, right? The goal would be to take everything that we've learned today, stuff from your um case studies and so forth as well as the strategy that we've built together and put together really strong narrative that will answer three questions. Why change? Why now? And why why we find that those are the three questions you've got to answer. And really any investment case needs to contain that answer in order for the conversation to go anywhere, right?  
01:50:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: So that's what we try to do. We build up the copy. We share that with you for feedback and so forth as well. Aim to be able to do that by the middle of next week. I have a couple of days off, but I think 14th of November is a realistic timeline for us to hit that. We'll build creatives and build some offers on top of that. We've got some really good ideas. And I think simple would be best here because you've got such a compelling story that getting that message across simply is is going to be the good great unlock for us. And if we stick with our plan then 20th of November is when we should be in a position to launch the first campaign. Now 20th of November is a Friday. So I leave that to you if you want to launch a campaign on Friday or not. But um you know thereabouts is what we would target for this.Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Does that sound okay?  
01:51:38
 Mike Newman: Yeah. Yep. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Perfect. So we need access to a bunch of things from you. Um and we'd continue adding to it. I would add you to the Slack channel and then what I would also appreciate is if you can go to the resources tab at the bottom and just dump whatever you want, right?Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So write a quick description what it is. write a link and if you can't embed a file into it, uh, Mike, then you should be able to do that on the Slack channel.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, you can just go there's going to be a resources tab on it and you can just add files to that.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, yeah.Mike Newman: Okay. Yeah. There's a few thing I'm just thinking there. I mean we've got competitor differentiation against you know the major competitors especially some some of our collateral is specifically built around the accountancy sector and how we differentiate compared to other products and then we've got some generic stuff  
01:52:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: as well. So I'll just I'll make anything you know and if you're if there's any questions you have then just fire them over because there's a good chance we've got a ton of collateral on it anyway that we've already produced. So we've got we've got some good white papers like 10 essential features for an enterprise password manager and 10 essential features for single sign on. And again these are ones that are written in the context of our differentiators. So they really you know they try to bring out what we do as being the most critical things that you should be looking for. Um, you know, like the zero login experience because you want your workforce to use it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. My and I need to process that better. You know my kind of very high level in instant response to something like my login is nobody wakes up thinking oh gosh this is like I' I've got to look at a I am solution today right you've got to answer that question like you've really got to hone in into the pain because people are thinking about I've got so much to do right and gov.uk UK is just so clunky.  
01:53:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: One example or something like that. So that would be the challenge that we would set ourselves is how do we take that messaging and we we kind of zero in onto that and frame a question so that the answer to that question is just deploy my one block.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yep. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Once we can get to that I think that's when the magic starts to happen and that's what we would do over the course of this week and nextMike Newman: Yep. Yeah. And I I think there's there's also when when we when we hit the technologist's desks, there's the they often will look at us and just think, oh, it's just another IM solution, you know, it's the same as andHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: we get we get pigeonholed as being the same as something else because they haven't had that, you know, and we had exactly that happen to us this week, didn't we, James, with was someone where, you know, we gotHassaan Ahmad: Heat.Mike Newman: a a lead in and they said, can you send us information about how you differentiate and we put across what we thought was a clear articulation of how we differentiate but he came back and said just yeah it sounds like the other products that I've seen but we know we're not and our customers know our customers that have bought us know that the other products don't do this stuff so we need to get better at articulating  
01:55:07
 Mike Newman: those USPS and the benefits that they bring as Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. And and if you think about it, you know, we're in November now. Either most companies have already set their budget aside, right? They they have set aside what the budget is going to be or they're in the process of doing that and they would do that over the next kind of one to two months, right? and something like that is going to have a budget assigned to it already. But what you're when you do the outreach and when you position my one login as a solution immediately their mind goes to switching costs that they haven't budgeted for, right? And it's getting over that hurdle, right? So it's it's saying, "All right, well, this is the benefit, but that's why incurring those switching costs is worth it, right? whichMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: is a tough challenge, but hey, you know, that's what we're here for. You know, whoever does that is the winner. So, we'll uh we'll help you do that hopefully.  
01:56:08
 Mike Newman: Okay. Yep. Great.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Um, so I'll share that with you and uh let me know if there's any questions in the meantime. Right. What I would also do is put uh maybe like 30 to 45 minute um catch up for us every Thursday or Friday. Not next Thursday but the one after so that we have a regular touch point and we can talk about status the progress that we've made have an opportunity to ask any questions and so forth and that should reduceMike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: the ad hoc workload that you guys would have to deal with otherwise.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Awesome.Mike Newman: Great.Hassaan Ahmad: J, thank you so much for the time.James: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Really appreciate it.Mike Newman: Yep. You get James to view. Anything else you want to add, James?James: Uh, no, no, I'll add to that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Amazing.Adnan Khan: We're going to start putting some stuff in the in the Slack channel. I think Adil already has, but Hassan will give you access to this after after this call. So that would be our primary point of contact with you.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
Transcription ended after 01:57:32

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
