---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Remotir Strategy Session – 2026/02/24 13:00 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-02-24T14:14:35.808Z
meeting_date: 2026-02-24T13:53:52.017Z
---


Remotir Strategy Session - Transcript
00:00:00
 Adeel Khan: Yeah,Adnan Khan: I'm I'm good, good,Adeel Khan: tonightAdnan Khan: man. man.Adeel Khan: AllAdnan Khan: Okay. Come inAdeel Khan: right.Adnan Khan: here.Adeel Khan: How do IHassaan Ahmad: Why man?Adeel Khan: prick?Hassaan Ahmad: Go. Yeah. ContinuityAdnan Khan: as as soon as you were saying walkedHassaan Ahmad: campaign,Adnan Khan: in. Oops.Adeel Khan: Oops.Adnan Khan: TranscriptionHassaan Ahmad: bro.Adnan Khan: check.Adeel Khan: Oh, yeah. I don'tAdnan Khan: Oops.Adeel Khan: s***.Hassaan Ahmad: It's okay. It's okay.Adnan Khan: What's that?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm sure it's nothing I haven'tAdnan Khan: What'sHassaan Ahmad: Go dailyAdnan Khan: feedback?Hassaan Ahmad: sometimes.Adnan Khan: ImagineHassaan Ahmad: Oh man.Adnan Khan: getting 20 minutes into the review and the Bundy's like,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adnan Khan: "Yeah, I'm really confused."Hassaan Ahmad: Crazy.Adnan Khan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Whose fourth wasAdnan Khan: man. It was her number two's fault.Hassaan Ahmad: it?Adnan Khan: She So, basically, the way these things go is, okay, you can't just pull in a VP randomly, right?  
00:02:37
 Adnan Khan: So there's a whole uh calendar and they go topic by topic. So like you go topic by topic you talk about this is the topic ofHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: the and number two topic.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: So she was like yeah you guys are showing me a new product I don't understand how this relates to the topic on the agenda. So I'm just very confused. And because she was confused the first 10 minutes, she just lost interest after that. So, we're going to reschedu it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Typical BS, man. Corporate Mazuri, man.Hassaan Ahmad: As long as it pays theAdnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: bills.Adnan Khan: So, there used to be a time where I would just like I'm about to getAdeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: fired. It's like I get to live for twoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: weeks.Hassaan Ahmad: That's That's one way of looking at it. Or do we need it for something?Adnan Khan: I'm not using  
00:03:46
 Adeel Khan: I don't thinkAdnan Khan: it.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm not going to use it either.Adeel Khan: Full fullAdnan Khan: Yeah,Adeel Khan: code.Adnan Khan: I am using a mix of cloud code and myster is very bullish right now on AICO. They don't care.Adeel Khan: Oh,Adnan Khan: They're like I've just been burning tokens,Adeel Khan: nice.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm pretty sure you can't see repo,Adnan Khan: learning new stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Adnan Khan: Hm.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm sure you can't like say shouldn't or doesn't report on the repos that you are committing to.Adnan Khan: Cursor doesn't report anything. It's the login on the computer, man.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, but once you once you're in cursor, you're in cursor, right?Adnan Khan: I assume they don't do key logging. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: it's fine, man. We're all learning AI.Adeel Khan: Come up.Adnan Khan: We're a group of talented individuals coming together to learn AI. Uh and we're not making any financial contribution to our own pockets. We're just we're just trying to learn AI.  
00:05:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: Say we could say I'm going to get rid of cursor then or yeah man code for the win. So good man as I was watching it spawn sub agents and do some s*** which I didn't ask it to which was beautiful. Very good.Adnan Khan: Opus 4.6 man.Hassaan Ahmad: OppositeAdnan Khan: Uh definitely use the definitely use the plan mode.Hassaan Ahmad: isAdnan Khan: Um it will save you a bunch of tokens as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adnan Khan: And for less complex stuff you can you you can use 4.5 as well. focus. I don't think they allow it. They might. I see.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't care about that'sAdnan Khan: I see. I see. You'll care about them when your limits run out.Hassaan Ahmad: just uh keeping an eye onAdnan Khan: But I don't think they will.Adeel Khan: AllAdnan Khan: I think our our limits are our limits ran out because we wereHassaan Ahmad: it.Adnan Khan: using we were doing the site in HTML.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.  
00:06:10
 Adnan Khan: He blew his tokens.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Next.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Next. Next.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: right.Adnan Khan: It's it's a template framework. So, think of it this way.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: On a normal site, HTML will code the header, footer, any repeatable units 10 times. Next will only code it once.Adeel Khan: That's theHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: So,Adeel Khan: onlyAdnan Khan: if you have a 100page website and you make a change to the navigation,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: it will update 100 pages. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Nice.Adnan Khan: next is a it's a it's a it's among many things. It's it's also a template framework.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: But what you can also do is you can build a fully functioning app in the background.Hassaan Ahmad: Further.Adnan Khan: You can integrate databases. You can integrate APIs. You can do a bunch of that stuff. Now framework whereas HTML doesn't allow you to do any of thatHassaan Ahmad: best and plus it looks good which is amazing.  
00:07:17
 Adnan Khan: has nothing to do with next.Adeel Khan: I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: But I appreciate I I appreciate the theHassaan Ahmad: Well,Adnan Khan: thought.Hassaan Ahmad: so boys uh two things on my mind today. The first one is I want to get the landing page to a point. Jap pushes go before he goes to Turkey. There you go. On the campaign. And the second thing that I want is to reopen the conversation about that brand kit. And I'm I'm putting a lot of content out.Adnan Khan: ButHassaan Ahmad: So it makes sense that we have a brand kit that I can follow rather s***Adnan Khan: otherHassaan Ahmad: stuff up. Those were the two things on myAdnan Khan: I I I think the key word there is consistency and cohesion.Hassaan Ahmad: mind.Adnan Khan: That's all you care about. Um they're like,Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Adnan Khan: "Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adnan Khan: that's all you care about." Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Adnan Khan: So, let you can train you can probably  
00:08:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: So itAdnan Khan: train uh it to that brand style.Hassaan Ahmad: already has a brand.json built in.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So all I need is to provide it the brand kit and then we're good toAdnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: go.Adnan Khan: Okay. So,Adeel Khan: Okay,Adnan Khan: this is what we have.Adeel Khan: this is hell.Adnan Khan: Uhoh.Hassaan Ahmad: that I'm just seeing theAdnan Khan: tension.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: So, I need you guys to draw a cutAdeel Khan: Okay,Adnan Khan: line somewhere.Hassaan Ahmad: uh 22 in my mind,Adnan Khan: 22Adeel Khan: turn it up better.Hassaan Ahmad: but I would like it to be a drop down. Just give it up, click, and then it's like everything that the person gets. So, we have the main stuff above the drop down, and then if somebody wants to expand and see exactly what they're getting, they have the ability to go and look at that as well.Adnan Khan: Um, that's Yeah, that's fine. Um, do we also want to publish this as a page on the website?  
00:10:10
 Adeel Khan: I see you if you guys want to. standalone page unless you force them there.Hassaan Ahmad: website. There's a bunch of different packages and topics and all of that, right? So, if you go to remedy.comAdeel Khan: Yeah, this needs to be concise.Adnan Khan: I think we remove pricing from all the other pages if we're going to have a pricing page that become the call to action basically.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that is the right thing to do. But then the question is I think we're complicating it. What we should do is remove the pricing, put this table up, right? And then if somebody comes and asks, "Oh, what about your PMF?" Like, "How do you fix PMF?" Or if somebody's prepf, we can just talk to them about it. Right now, the problem that we're solving for is getting people in the door as quickly asAdnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: possible and getting them to convert.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So you know the pricingAdnan Khan: Aligned. Agreed.  
00:11:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: page shorter version truncated websiteAdnan Khan: So, let me do this first. Let me get this up here. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: and I think we should put the team faces. is here as well. the team thatAdnan Khan: sounds good. Yeah, that works.Hassaan Ahmad: operAdnan Khan: section by section.Hassaan Ahmad: basically if you click on a pricing button it just scrolls down and takes you to pricing. Not here,Adnan Khan: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: bro. On the side.Adnan Khan: thatHassaan Ahmad: On the gold side. Yes.Adnan Khan: Uh, let's fix the pricing page first. Oh.Hassaan Ahmad: And I was also wondering if we should change the hero from for technical founders to just for founders who'd rather s*** than so.Adnan Khan: I mean, I always like simplicity. Khan, what do youAdeel Khan: Yeah. Okay.Adnan Khan: think?Adeel Khan: Founders.Hassaan Ahmad: Show me again.Adnan Khan: I mean,Adeel Khan: Oh,Adnan Khan: this is temporary inspect tool. Oh, hang on.  
00:13:21
 Adeel Khan: inspect.Hassaan Ahmad: You have to show me what you're doing, man. So, I can do itAdnan Khan: Oh, it's just u it's just the inspect toolHassaan Ahmad: myself.Adnan Khan: refresh.Adeel Khan: Yeah,Adnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Adeel Khan: I used to take I used to change grades for people.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Adeel Khan: It'sAdnan Khan: It's It's shocking how little people understand when they show me a screenshot. Like you can literally Uh you can literally do that doesn't matter right but then you refresh it's gone so it's it'sAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I like it.Adnan Khan: instance waste um okay continuing where I was desktop So, so do Um you guys can keep observing. But uh whatHassaan Ahmad: Next sub header chat.Adnan Khan: else?Hassaan Ahmad: What do you guys think of that?Adeel Khan: What?Hassaan Ahmad: So replace the current subhead with this.Adnan Khan: I actually like the inviting closing bit. Let me look at the current one. Yeah, I like I like the newer one  
00:15:32
 Adeel Khan: ThankAdnan Khan: more.Adeel Khan: you.Hassaan Ahmad: Now the child.Adnan Khan: Okay.Adeel Khan: Okay. Okay.Adnan Khan: Okay, I found it.Hassaan Ahmad: Jesus.Adnan Khan: FA, do you guys have anything to discuss in terms of ads? You're all good.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh what we decided yesterday was we'llAdnan Khan: LikeHassaan Ahmad: run thought leadership ads. Yeah. In your post for we'll boost boost them. And then Adil you were working on some static creatives as well.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. Um pricing post.Adnan Khan: I see.Adeel Khan: That's it.Hassaan Ahmad: Gavin onAdnan Khan: I see.Adeel Khan: Pricing philosophy like starting.Hassaan Ahmad: here.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Why are we like this?Adnan Khan: HoldAdeel Khan: Basically like trying to convince uh not trying to convince basically earning just before or something like that. I don't know. Or you see login screenshot screenshot which is meAdnan Khan: on.Adeel Khan: testingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: legit.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, then can get to work on that.  
00:17:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: As soon as the page is done, I think there's nothing stopping us from sending from boosting the posts,Adeel Khan: Yeah, IHassaan Ahmad: right?Adeel Khan: know.Adnan Khan: It kind of wants to do it like this. It wants to have the three cards at the top and then more details below. I'll figure it out. Don't worry. I think it should be indented.Hassaan Ahmad: the outcome. Let's change it to I'll change it in the copy.Adnan Khan: Let's hold back small copy changes.Hassaan Ahmad: Take it.Adnan Khan: UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes,Adeel Khan: Okay.Adnan Khan: Uh, do you guys need any help on creative from me?Hassaan Ahmad: sir.Adnan Khan: UmAdeel Khan: BackAdnan Khan: then like this is again goingAdeel Khan: up.Adnan Khan: down the the brand uh bucket second like I'm not bullish on any of on any of the language on these. It's just there's a bunch of stuff here. So the brand kit first of all. So I was doing some stuff here like I can I can make a few with the logo uh gradient that type of vibe.  
00:19:51
 Adnan Khan: Uh so yeah just offering remote I'd rather we have the quality up as much as possible.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: So let me do it. Um unless there's a reason not to like unlessHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adnan Khan: you want to hack it.Adeel Khan: These areAdnan Khan: Uh,Adeel Khan: fiveAdnan Khan: and then for the brand kit stuff,Adeel Khan: greatest.Adnan Khan: you can probably feed these to your AI partners. you like I can export all of this and you can be like build a skill uh and then you can just use this as as a baseline. If you don't like the color though we can we can tweak it to this stone as well. Ultimately, it's just going to build a skill for you, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adnan Khan: So,Hassaan Ahmad: Best.Adnan Khan: what say you?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, man. I don't like overgineering things. Um, this works, so let's just use it.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: I just need it to be consistent.Adnan Khan: that's it.  
00:21:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Fitzina, bro. Fitzina. I think we're for everything else we are pretty much all set. Um or client stuff to discuss. So, we can just get the campaign going. Then we hopefully close some business.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Then we just count the dollars, man. Count the dollars. All the dollars.Hassaan Ahmad: In dollarAdnan Khan: Dollar bills. I'm working on thisHassaan Ahmad: bills out toAdnan Khan: now.Hassaan Ahmad: go.Adeel Khan: One one thing about the pricing pricing pricing plan is specifics to all in terms of what we do like it's very subjective right but do you want to like add like not like subway but like somewhere as well. I don'tHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: know.Adnan Khan: like success align pricing. It's like not just ads but full execution something like that.Adeel Khan: No, no, no. Like say meta Google LinkedIn uh LinkedInAdnan Khan: Oh, beAdeel Khan: method. Yeah, that kind. So,Adnan Khan: specific.Adeel Khan: but maybe not cuz you know people are like coming to us for the 1199 package for cold email.  
00:22:54
 Adeel Khan: That's it.Adnan Khan: I know. I know what I was thinking.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that's a good point. I'm just wondering.Adeel Khan: paid pipeline with native fill like partnership with the full stack GTM that's like very self-distri uh explanatoryAdnan Khan: Yeah, this is this is all the reasons why I hateAdeel Khan: This isAdnan Khan: AI.Adeel Khan: not horrible, butAdnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Why are you here?Adeel Khan: I know a place and that'sAdnan Khan: It's I'm just I'm just I'm just terrified.Adeel Khan: whyAdnan Khan: I'm just terrified it'll take my job, man. That's that's the only reason. Let me see if I can give it a visualAdeel Khan: See,Adnan Khan: mock.Adeel Khan: you can't you can't replace the jaw because look at the unestheticness and the unalignment of that.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Very bad,Adnan Khan: But the way the way I'm seeing uh the winds blow is aesthetic isAdeel Khan: bro.Adnan Khan: subjective, right? A lot of people are just happy with the AI  
00:24:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: aesthetic.Adeel Khan: Oh yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: But I don't know. I don't know if you saw that dotted post. 0.04%Adnan Khan: Oh, you should show this to him.Adeel Khan: onlyHassaan Ahmad: Go.Adnan Khan: If you show us onHassaan Ahmad: See, bro. I sent that toAdnan Khan: thisHassaan Ahmad: you.Adeel Khan: the darts. We're like very early this I think.Hassaan Ahmad: I sent you the text, but the visual was missing. out corner. There is like aAdeel Khan: Uh he's thinkingAdnan Khan: No, no. I'm I'm talking about something else.Hassaan Ahmad: one.Adnan Khan: I don'tAdeel Khan: yeah there's this post about AI uh the onlyAdnan Khan: know.Adeel Khan: 0.04% people are actually using AI for technical stuff that's it in the world before was referringHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: to over here like 153 but 153,000 impressions and it's like going to white people now as well.Adnan Khan: ThisHassaan Ahmad: Oh,Adeel Khan: So the first one accounts it's about me  
00:25:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: poor.Adeel Khan: but it's like my best marketing hire is in Pakistan but I have to fire him inHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: isHassaan Ahmad: I mean,Adeel Khan: June.Hassaan Ahmad: that hook alone was enough to get people in. TheAdeel Khan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: radio.Adeel Khan: but she's threatening to leave her job if she finds her dream job, which is to be Leo DiCaprio's wife.Hassaan Ahmad: So yeah.Adeel Khan: I I'll be your left hand andAdnan Khan: say like sliding in sliding in the DM's wifeAdeel Khan: leg.Adnan Khan: likeAdeel Khan: She's this marketer reached out. She's like subject I'll be your left leg.Adnan Khan: IAdeel Khan: No, I'll be your left hand and your leg if you want.Hassaan Ahmad: Say only takes one, man. Only takes one, bro.Adeel Khan: Subscribe.Hassaan Ahmad: Di page. Yeah. I mean question for both of you. Should we have our faces on theAdnan Khan: Sorry,Hassaan Ahmad: page?Adnan Khan: we're humans behind a project. Can Can we make ourselves a little Vora?  
00:27:34
 Adnan Khan: Like Gora version of a nan like a Nan Johnson, you know?Hassaan Ahmad: Hello guy. say,Adnan Khan: I mean, it makes us lookAdeel Khan: conversion rate one.Adnan Khan: likeAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: "Thank you, bro. It needed some love.Adnan Khan: my My love is precious.Hassaan Ahmad: really appreciate.Adnan Khan: Cut.Hassaan Ahmad: Now I'm starting to get a bit impatient with the lack of leads though. Let's just get it going.Adnan Khan: I'm going to drop off. In that case,Hassaan Ahmad: Adil um best Adil anything on I don't think there were any clientAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: specific deliverables on your side right that's how theyAdeel Khan: No, let's not.Hassaan Ahmad: ThankAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you.Adeel Khan: CallHassaan Ahmad: Nice. SoAdeel Khan: It's a 4 hourHassaan Ahmad: enjoy.Adeel Khan: flight.Adnan Khan: It's far. It'sAdeel Khan: SerionsHassaan Ahmad: should be chain.Adnan Khan: their networkHassaan Ahmad: Nice.Adnan Khan: basically.Hassaan Ahmad: Bro, I don't know what Adan has to say about Istanbul,  
00:29:38
 Adeel Khan: Monday.Hassaan Ahmad: but I think the city can be done in 2 days. If you get some time, take a very short flight. I think it's like an hour, 2 hours max. Go and doAdeel Khan: OhHassaan Ahmad: Capidocia.Adeel Khan: man.Adnan Khan: I I did agree on that part. I did agree on that part. It's a BAdeel Khan: Yeah. too.Hassaan Ahmad: Hot airAdnan Khan: look.Hassaan Ahmad: balloon.Adeel Khan: Yeah, like seem fun.Hassaan Ahmad: Enjoy.Adeel Khan: Yeah, bro. I'm just going to go and beHassaan Ahmad: Nice. So that's the best way,Adeel Khan: present.Hassaan Ahmad: man.Adnan Khan: By the way, 110% when he goes, he goes when goes,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Adnan Khan: he plugs off. Like genuinely, this is something that he does. And no harm, noHassaan Ahmad: you have to you have to otherwise part the ability.Adnan Khan: man. Vegas.Adeel Khan: Good He'sHassaan Ahmad: When we hit when we hit 10K, bro, inshallah we'll just go to Vegas ourselves.  
00:31:13
 Adeel Khan: on.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll go somewhere else.Adnan Khan: We're going to apply you for the H1B lottery.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: Uh I don't think um they are charging that.Adeel Khan: Are they on a group?Adnan Khan: I don't know. Not sure. Not sure. I think I'm probably going to tell my company. That's just how it is. and uh knowing Christine my my D2 she's going to be likeHassaan Ahmad: No,Adnan Khan: hHassaan Ahmad: you answer.Adnan Khan: but the the side effect isAdeel Khan: Okay.Adnan Khan: it's just affecting life in a very differentHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, you go. It's only for a couple of months.Adnan Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Inshallah we'll be at 20k MR and then you canAdeel Khan: Oh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: retireAdeel Khan: Come on.Adnan Khan: This is it.Adeel Khan: ThisHassaan Ahmad: in this bro if itAdnan Khan: This is it. I'm telling you. Chill,Adeel Khan: isAdnan Khan: boys.Hassaan Ahmad: hits you then it's good because you are the ICP right you are a technical founder so to speak who doesn't know sales if this works with you better products.  
00:32:59
 Adnan Khan: AllHassaan Ahmad: It hit him as well like okay makes sense.Adnan Khan: right.Hassaan Ahmad: I think what might put people off is the pricing but we are addressing that now. So there is a foot in the door offer there. While we're on that topic,Adnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: should it be get you a growth stack or should it be I think let's just leave it. Let's just make it get you stuck.Adnan Khan: comingHassaan Ahmad: It doesn't matter if weAdnan Khan: here.Hassaan Ahmad: can and should offer a free GTM fourlength diagnostic. But then we have to explain what a fourlength diagnostic is. I don't want to do it.Adnan Khan: I think the the lower pricing should have Well,Adeel Khan: I see that.Adnan Khan: what pricing are you guys putting on the creatives?Adeel Khan: 1199.Hassaan Ahmad: isAdeel Khan: I want to do 1199Adnan Khan: Yeah, that's what I was going to say.Adeel Khan: first.Adnan Khan: Like starting from 1199 or whatever.Hassaan Ahmad: I would say we should test a bunch of creatives.  
00:34:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: We should test the 34.97 offer. We should test the 1199 offer and see which one gets the most clicks. Both of them come to the same landing page, but the data will tell usAdnan Khan: Sorry,Adeel Khan: extra.Adnan Khan: huh?Adeel Khan: Uh these these are like what do you call it? I was saying more general that let the landing page do the talking. Give me your thoughts. UhHassaan Ahmad: Oh, I love it, man. The only one thing I change is you need qualified pipeline because leads don't payAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: salaries. Uh I would change that to you need a growth stack because leads don't pay salaries. I love that man. F. I loveAdeel Khan: Stop.Hassaan Ahmad: it.Adnan Khan: Um,Adeel Khan: keepAdnan Khan: you canHassaan Ahmad: No.Adeel Khan: and we can test the other one with $11.99 and the other oneAdnan Khan: justAdeel Khan: 21.99. I think that's a good offer.Adnan Khan: Okay.Adeel Khan: $21.99.Hassaan Ahmad: I've changed the pricing so much.  
00:36:34
 Adeel Khan: Yeah. 21.99 pipeline plus storage contentHassaan Ahmad: Own your category when on trust. That could be a creative.Adnan Khan: Hallelujah.Adeel Khan: when I trust. Let's see what I got here.Hassaan Ahmad: I think authority is what gets the AI to start recommending you as a solution. I don't know how we word it but the angle is you invest in authority now and that is what will get you cited. Make sense?Adeel Khan: Yeah, Makes sense. Oh, this one's nice. That's it.Hassaan Ahmad: I like you, man. Yeah. Love it.Adeel Khan: Maybe not. You got me doing it. Not me doingHassaan Ahmad: Oh,Adeel Khan: it.Adnan Khan: Love it. Just tell me the final ones and IHassaan Ahmad: sorry.Adnan Khan: willAdeel Khan: Oh s***. I was like,Hassaan Ahmad: Can I get out?Adeel Khan: "Yeah, I was like,Adnan Khan: presidency copyrightiting@gmail.com. Oh, it's a legit lead.Adeel Khan: "Oh, is it actually thought you were testing  
00:41:33
 Adnan Khan: No, no, it's a legit lead.Adeel Khan: No, I think it's justAdnan Khan: I don't think this isn't him.Hassaan Ahmad: That's not me, man. I mean,Adnan Khan: That's not him,Hassaan Ahmad: I'm not excited about the Gmail one,Adnan Khan: bro.Adeel Khan: it's Ibrahim Omar.Hassaan Ahmad: butAdeel Khan: IAdnan Khan: What I think he's excited about is the the what the wheel isAdeel Khan: thinkAdnan Khan: turning.Hassaan Ahmad: flywheel turning, bro.Adnan Khan: The fly wheel turning. There you go.Adeel Khan: residencyHassaan Ahmad: Why reading me book here? Wait aAdeel Khan: copyrightHassaan Ahmad: second.Adeel Khan: jobs economyAdnan Khan: Yeah. 4.6 minute wait for landing page to build. 22Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: pretty I didn't like the landing page when I built it. It's growing on me now. I can see things that need to be improved.Hassaan Ahmad: spam on top reaching out and all of that s***.Adnan Khan: It's It's also because you have C O in your title.Hassaan Ahmad: Now people are doing what I do to them.  
00:43:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: So now I know.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Well,Adnan Khan: So,Hassaan Ahmad: I knewAdnan Khan: now you're in now you know it's so hard to breakHassaan Ahmad: how.Adeel Khan: I don't know whatAdnan Khan: through.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And literally they come and I delete them. I don't even read them.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Which is why engineering inbound is what needs to happen. That's just what it is. My love is precious. If I want to wipe code a lead magnetAdnan Khan: CLHassaan Ahmad: login is claude code the best thing for it claude code I should do something elseAdnan Khan: code. CloudHassaan Ahmad: codeAdnan Khan: code. Use uh NexJS as your back end.Hassaan Ahmad: Nano NextJS hasAdnan Khan: um as your backHassaan Ahmad: myAdnan Khan: end.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Don't know, bro.Adnan Khan: Sort of getting there.Adeel Khan: What areAdnan Khan: Sort of gettingAdeel Khan: you?Adnan Khan: there. Sort of getting there. Could be better.  
00:45:15
 Adnan Khan: Way better.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adnan Khan: needs to be needs to look like an actual table.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Time to do it the old fashioned way.Adnan Khan: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: Then he'll just wireframe it in Figma.Adnan Khan: I did do this the oldfashioned way, bro.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: I gave it I literally gave it context. I I just did this. I was expecting because it's very annoying to do it in Figma. I just gave it this like I gave xxx I just gave it theAdeel Khan: HolyAdnan Khan: components.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Hey bro, AI is not coming for your jobAdnan Khan: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: yet.Adnan Khan: I am I am notAdeel Khan: s***.Adnan Khan: worried about it taking over my job. I'm just worried about what I should do next.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What you should do next is just be an orchestrator of armies of AI.Adnan Khan: Become an orchestrator. Become aHassaan Ahmad: So I was I was playing around withAdnan Khan: staff.  
00:46:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: targeter today. There's a reason why I asked you the question about. So basically what I've gotten it to is okay you write the copy you do the research and this is now like agent based research so they'reAdnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: doing all of that research come up with organic posts come up with static ads and then I was like n I want you to goAdnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: further I want you to create those ads for me. So what it decided to do was create them as HTML and then render them as PNG. So this is allAdnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: automated.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: 93% SDR failure rate still writing that sack.Adeel Khan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Obviously if I train it better,Adnan Khan: It's just training it better, bro.Hassaan Ahmad: it's just training it better. But the point is it's doing this s*** by itself.Adnan Khan: I I think what you should do, by the way,Adeel Khan: perfect.Adnan Khan: um so because I I've actually thought about setting this up for you,  
00:47:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: SoAdnan Khan: but since you're in here, I think you should do this. Uh if you let me share your screen, share my screen. Well, you get done first, then I'll showHassaan Ahmad: basically, this is what I wanted to show you.Adnan Khan: you.Hassaan Ahmad: This is what I've been able to do from a standing start. Like I had no idea that this could be done, but now that I know that it can be done, it's probably just a matter of us feeding it the brand, telling it what good looks like, andAdnan Khan: you you feed it all the all the images.Adeel Khan: Sure.Adnan Khan: I'll give you but I think what you should do isHassaan Ahmad: thenAdeel Khan: IAdnan Khan: you should do this. Uh so you shouldAdeel Khan: thinkHassaan Ahmad: sorry,Adnan Khan: createHassaan Ahmad: I got distracted.Adeel Khan: I'm good here.Adnan Khan: Bro, this is we're back to the stone ages,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: man. Every man for himself. Titles are gone.Adeel Khan: I  
00:48:36
 Adnan Khan: Aa pretend these are your ad templates. Add 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 whatever.Adeel Khan: thinkAdnan Khan: These are your templates, the visual containers.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: And you can actually tell it okay when you click you can just write copy and you can click and you can write copy.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adnan Khan: I know you're making it right copy right but because because you're making it write copy itself it's burning a lot of tokens.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adnan Khan: So and then you can also say okay once I'm done give me a button to save it as a PNG. So you'll have a little tool within target here to just create as many ads posts things you want. So that could be one way where you get take back control.Hassaan Ahmad: HAdeel Khan: likeAdnan Khan: So the only thing it does is target here does it creates the templates and then wantHassaan Ahmad: yeah.Adnan Khan: to reuse you just copy paste the text in save the PNG and postHassaan Ahmad: No,Adnan Khan: it.  
00:49:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: but if the if the templates are already there rightAdeel Khan: Please.Hassaan Ahmad: now, what target here is doing is it's writing the copy. It's doing all of the heavy lifting, getting me to a point where the text is there. What it's not doing well right now is rendering that text as a visual that I can just download and upload to LinkedIn.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So if the areAdnan Khan: So what it's if you build it build it as a nextjs app nextjs is the front end right there are certain things you can do onAdeel Khan: Yes. Yes.Adnan Khan: the front end there are certain things you can do on the back end when you ask cursor to do it my understanding is cursor is taking the HTML as a screenshot it is going away it is using the nano banana engine and creating that PNG which is burning a lot of tokens for Right. But if it can create a list of creatives, then you should literally just have a button there that says save.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adnan Khan: And that would just be a script where it will save theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: HTML.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Uh actually this was all claw so I did it through clawAdnan Khan: you're no as inHassaan Ahmad: code.Adnan Khan: it's it's just what I'm trying to say is it's not taking a screenshot of the HTML and regeneratingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah I hearAdeel Khan: Bye-bye.Adnan Khan: it.Hassaan Ahmad: you bro. The goal is to automate that entire flow. And I'm sure there's a tool or something that might allow us to do that. I tried Canva. Canva doesn't do it. Figma, MCP, design to code design.Adnan Khan: Done.  
Transcription ended after 00:52:25

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
