---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: 30 Minutes with Remotir between Remotir and Siberia – 2025/06/24 22:27 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:39:33.810Z
meeting_date: 2025-06-24T22:25:36.287Z
---


30 Minutes with Remotir between Remotir and Siberia - Transcript
00:00:00
 Siberia Su: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, how are you?Siberia Su: I'm good. How are you? Sorry I'm being late.Hassaan Ahmad: No worries. Can you see me? All right.Siberia Su: Yeah, I'm all right. I thought this is some type of demo call, right?Hassaan Ahmad: It's not. Um, so this is a discovery call. But um let me just kick off with a quick introduction. Right. So what I wanted to do today was to really understand your business a little bit more. Understand what is it that you're trying to achieve? What are your current challenges when it comes to um scaling your revenue and then if there's any alignment, you know, we can discuss um our model and see if that's something that you would want to discuss further. Does that sound okay?Siberia Su: Yeah. Yeah, sounds good. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Wonderful.Siberia Su: you're basedHassaan Ahmad: So,Siberia Su: you're based inHassaan Ahmad: sorry,Siberia Su: UK.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm based in the UK.  
00:10:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Siberia Su: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: However, the uh the team that I work with works across time zones, so they they do support clients in the US.Siberia Su: gotcha. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: sounds good. I saw an ad of you guys on LinkedIn about 3,000Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Siberia Su: a month revenue solutions. I got a little bit interested. I'm actually not spending anything right now. I have an IP that I went to market with in May. Um the IP was patented in November which is a new growth uh growth framework I call it that I invented um basically it operationalized a new growth loop for techHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Siberia Su: businesses specifically more for mobile app businesses and I have background in mobile gaming tech digital marketing slall combined and I built this framework it's provisionally patented um and and it's it's in terms of leverage it's very powerful for organizational to use internally. I say this becauseHassaan Ahmad: WaitSiberia Su: it's birthed from my personal pain points from working for some of the companies with hundreds of million dollar and see how it was wasted  
00:11:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: a minute.Siberia Su: in those companies and I was the one who was in charge of growth. So I was very much aware of the problem and I built this new framework and I don't have a product yet and my go to market strategy is that I don't necessarily need a product before I go to market because I'm trying to find pilot partners right now to partner with me to test out the framework. So think of it as a like a technical OKRHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Siberia Su: um that I can partner with the company. I'm not charging them specifically in the first three months but I will have a licensing model after that but these are my seat partner to build up the case study right I the problem was built from case study but that's because the company was in the past I can use it as current case study I have to plug into live environment I buildHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Siberia Su: it in just dumping data into Excel and then build it like you know from my memory Um that's how I was able to own the patent otherwise it will belong to a company because the way I did it it belongs to me so which  
00:12:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: is pretty and now I have it I wanted to license it to the company. So this patent is very strategically powerful. UmHassaan Ahmad: All right.Siberia Su: but because I am in an independent one person company. So I I do have a wellestablished name in the US in terms of like within the community. UmHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Siberia Su: but as more as a you know a company employee rather than an independent company owner that's differentHassaan Ahmad: asSiberia Su: youHassaan Ahmad: anSiberia Su: knowHassaan Ahmad: operator rather thanSiberia Su: as an operatorHassaan Ahmad: consultant.Siberia Su: ofHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: of like a SAS level business. So even though right now there's no software this the next step would definitely be a software but because it's a framework I don't necessarily need a software but I definitely need to build a software for multiple reason for legal reason for also like go to market to cover more company who don't have the capability to build themselves etc but that's like step two step one because I'm very resource constrainted I'm doing it on my own and my literally marketing was just putting ads on LinkedIn and putting campaign on LinkedIn like my branding was excellent I have great brand name, great parent company, great name, brand name.  
00:14:05
 Siberia Su: Like I've been doing great marketing campaign, but like my sales strategy right now is really just to talk to people directly and no work in a company who have executive power to kind of make a decision. So it's like a cold callingHassaan Ahmad: OfSiberia Su: approach. I'm not running any ad. I don't have a system. I don't have I don't have people. It's just me and I'm moving not very fast right now because I need a lot of time to like strategize and decompress and like just think about how to move rather than just move. Like I'm not like producing 10,000 different things every day. I'm doing like three important things a day. Um so but also because I need the right partner. Honestly, I just need like two or three companies. It's enough. I said five. It doesn't matter for me. is just to build the case studyHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Siberia Su: and to to I already know it's proof proof of concept is already done within me but the market doesn't know what I built  
00:14:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: Of course. Yeah.Siberia Su: and I just need some like names to partner together but my target audience is also relatively medium-sized company so they're not just going to automatically work with you soHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Siberia Su: you just to like do marketing and convincing and sales all combined together Um, unless they're your friends, you know, like if friends who runs a medium-sized company, that would be perfect, right? Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: but all the CEOs I know are CEOs I worked for before in my previous company. They're either big or like there's political reasons why we can work together or or I I just haven't approached them.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: Um, but like very big companies are tend to like be more like hesitant to jump in right away because they're being pitched all the time. even though I know in my head that this is way better than a lot of the partners, but they don'tHassaan Ahmad: Huh?Siberia Su: know. Um, so there's a little bit of a convincing. I think the hardest part for me is to get the first two clients.  
00:15:59
 Siberia Su: Um, I think if I do something crazy, it will definitely happen because like if you really can convince people that your thing has so much value that they have zero risk, why wouldn't they try? It's just like a resistance is coming from like the complication of like maybe spending time and integrating with a new thing. So I think there's definitely a path away. It's just that um the the from zero to one I I don't even think I'm from zero to one like I'm like from 0.5 to one right now because I already did all the previous work.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: um is is the most difficult andHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: I'm just curious to to hear some of the tools in the market exploring stage to make myHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Siberia Su: early growth more effective. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah. Um and thanks for thanks for sharing all of that. You know, I everything that you've said has deeply resonated because I was pretty much in the same spot, right? So, I've got 15 years in sales, brilliant operator, worked with companies of all sizes.  
00:17:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um and my partner's uh designer, so he's a staff a staff designer at Meta. So fang level really really really strong but you know as you said whatever we build that lives within us right so the market needs that social proof the market needs market needs to see where you've done that before right and that's often the hardest part so so that's what we do right um the offer that you saw you mentioned that you saw it on LinkedIn rightSiberia Su: Yeah, I saw an ad on LinkedInHassaan Ahmad: yeah yeahSiberia Su: text message at Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: of Of course. Yeah. So that's that's basically what we do, right? We work with companies who are um very early stage founders who are either solopreneurs or who have deep technical background who have identified a problem from working or being in the trenches day in and day out. TheySiberia Su: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: built a solution but then they don't know how to or you know they don't have the bandwidth to take it to market. That's the problem we come in to solve.  
00:18:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: And the way we do that is by effectively taking all of that off your hands, right? There's two or three elements to that. The first one is the design element. That's the starting point. So, it's understanding who the customers are. Why do they care about this problem? What is the impact of not solving this problem? And how does your solution solve? Right? And how is it differentiated from everything else in the market? That's number one, right? The second or let's say step 1B of this equation is then designing a messaging and designing a page or designing an offer that communicates exactly that to the right people. Right? So for example, you saw the ad, right? communicated exactly what we do communicated and it resonated with you because in your mind and from what you've said it sounds like that is something or that is a gap that you have already identified right so you've self-qualified um and and and the goal is for everybody that we work with we get them we get the messaging to a point where whoever sees that offer or whoever listens to that offer they can relate to it really quickly the switch flips in their mind and they're willing to talk, right?  
00:19:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's the biggest challenge, getting your foot in the door. Once you are through the door, then that requires a certain set of skills in order to make that transition or make that sale happen with you because you have a framework. It's it's less about risk and it's more about change management, I believe. Right. So, every single person that you speak with, I haven't looked at your framework. I don't know what it is at allSiberia Su: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: but you know beingSiberia Su: They willHassaan Ahmad: inSiberia Su: misunderstandHassaan Ahmad: being beingSiberia Su: it. That'sHassaan Ahmad: exactly they need to understand it and you have to manage that risk in their head right because the moment you say hey I've got this framework and you know it's going to help you either derisk your growth or help you accelerate your growth get you to u pay back faster etc etc right in their mind they have a bunch of questions that you have to go through first question is how much time is it going to take Right?  
00:20:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: Number two, who else needs to be involved? Number three, where does this rank within the priorities that I've got today to solve? Right? You've got to manage all of those and you've got to take them through that transition, which requires which requires a certain skill set. Right? So, we provide that skill set. We identify the leads, we get the foot in the door, and then we kind of take them through the process all the way down to close. Right? work with sorry work with solo founders like yourselves. Um sometimes they don't even have a website which I believe is the case is is yourSiberia Su: No,Hassaan Ahmad: case asSiberia Su: IHassaan Ahmad: wellSiberia Su: IHassaan Ahmad: becauseSiberia Su: did thisHassaan Ahmad: I triedSiberia Su: onHassaan Ahmad: lookingSiberia Su: purpose.Hassaan Ahmad: it up. Yeah.Siberia Su: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So so that's that's what we do right now. We could do all of that for you Siberia right but by the way did I pronounce that correct?  
00:21:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: Is itSiberia Su: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Siberia? Yeah.Siberia Su: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, we can do all of that for you, but do you is that what you're looking for actually, or are you looking for something completely different?Siberia Su: Well, um, not necessarily. I wanted to see what's out in the market. Um, just to be frankly, I don't even know if I have the budget. I want to know what the solutions is. So, I can just think if it's really something can solve my problem right away. I can see I can move things around, but I wanted to see what your solutions are. Meaning likeHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Siberia Su: you just described to me what I wanted to know the business model. Um, and you're correct. That's what the kind of where I needed help with, but I'm doing some of it on my own. And I also not having a website on purpose. I just didn't prioritize that. AndHassaan Ahmad: No.  
00:21:50
 Siberia Su: because for me, I know the value of it so much is that if I talk to somebody I know, like if I hand off to somebody I know, I don't even need to have a website. It only need to have a website when I talk to a stranger, right? Like meaning like this is legitimate.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. It's aSiberia Su: IHassaan Ahmad: shopSiberia Su: haveHassaan Ahmad: front, right? Yeah.Siberia Su: Yeah. It's a shop front. It's like going to like a secret bar. If you know the bar, you don't care about the f****** door, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: Like Yeah. SoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: um if I'm like on MVP resource constraint mode, I'm prioritizing just like building the portal. The portal is like get to the market at the MVP level without even a door like just like I have operation, I have the framework built in like I build a deck, I build a PowerPoint, I build the white paper, I build the Norton page in terms of like the processes like all MVP.  
00:22:39
 Siberia Su: Then I talk to people because because my goal is to try to bring like small amount of people but the challenge is I target mediumsiz company but if you saw my resume everyone always work for pretty big gaming company and I know that'sHassaan Ahmad: Look.Siberia Su: the environmentHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: where this is this will thrive and if I if I partner with them then um they can see the impact right away if there's some type of like I'm a name that that is already known within the company I work for but not with the company I don't work for but I do have a reputation during the within theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: community so I'm not like fresh out of boat nobody um there's a chance to go through that path if I'm lucky without having to build too much stuff because once you have the first two company you don't even need a landing page you can just go to this third company and say hey company A and B is doing this why don't you give it a try it's for free like it could be as easy as that  
00:23:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: No.Siberia Su: the first oneHassaan Ahmad: Absolute.Siberia Su: is the most difficult one if that path doesn't go through if I I'm not able to go through like a friend or connection to build it like with MFVP then I had to do like I'm actually using cursor to build some sort of like landing page for offer for a pilot offer it's running in the background like now I have to add a little bit of marketing add like a landing page because now I start to reach out to strangers right like maybe one degree stranger we have common friends but you don't know me the people thatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: you know know me right it's like one layer above Um, but I haven't done any like completely cold lead reach my meaning like algorithm targeting like LinkedIn ad like you guys what you guys just did like to me I might do something like that because it takes a little bit more resources. You have to have a landing page you have an ad which I'm not a designer even though I do pretty good like powerpoints um which sometimes is enough.  
00:24:35
 Siberia Su: I literallyHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Siberia Su: just saw I just saw one one ad and then I downloaded it, right? UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: like I could do a little bit of that. I just, you know, like I wasn't being lazy. I was trying to prioritize my effort into like the minimum minimum f****** minimum viable needed.Hassaan Ahmad: That's what you need. You need EMF, right? And the quicker you get there, the better it is. USiberia Su: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: so absolutely absolutely with you on that. So listen, I'm going to show you two things, right? Well, I'm gonna well do two things and then I will uh if you like I can give youSiberia Su: Awesome.Hassaan Ahmad: some tips on how to do this in the absolute shoestring budget. So um founder to founder I think that's that's something that I'd love to leave you with but it's amazing and incredible what you're doing and I'd love to support you however I can. Okay.Siberia Su: Thank you.  
00:25:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Siberia Su: I appreciateHassaan Ahmad: SoSiberia Su: it.Hassaan Ahmad: let me let me share my screen with you. You're absolutely right. As a founder, you've got to focus on the right things, right? So, we worked with a founder recently who gave us this, like literally this,Siberia Su: Yeah, justHassaan Ahmad: right? Not even a white paper. Like, we asked him five questions. He was like, "Dude, what is your elevator pitch?" The guy went in and he was like, "I don't really have an elevator pitch, but that's what my competitors are saying." So, that's play, that's like some other pencil AI and so forth. And we're like, okay,Siberia Su: that's all he has.Hassaan Ahmad: that's literally all he gave us. So we asked him, okay, well, what is the problem you're trying to solve? He he had a bit more in his mind. So he went a little bit in detail, but literally that one and a half page is already gone. Yeah.  
00:26:21
 Siberia Su: Yeah. Do you thinkHassaan Ahmad: FromSiberia Su: he's notHassaan Ahmad: that,Siberia Su: you or he doesn't have anything? But he doesn't have he does. Oh, youHassaan Ahmad: oh,Siberia Su: buildHassaan Ahmad: heSiberia Su: it.Hassaan Ahmad: has a product. He has a working product. He had a prototype, but he's a technical founder, right? So, he knew the problem that he wanted to solve. He knew who was solving it and what they weren't doing correctly. So,Siberia Su: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: he identified a niche and he had a prototype, but he just didn't marketing or sales just wasn't his strong suit, right? So, we started working with him and from this we built this. This is a Figma file that I'm showing. So, this is the blueprint of the website and the website live right now. So we took that, we had a couple of meetings with him and we understood what he was trying to do, who it was resonating with, etc., etc. We built that, right?  
00:27:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: So this is what his website looks like right now.Siberia Su: How much? HowHassaan Ahmad: UhSiberia Su: much uh does it cost forHassaan Ahmad: I will tell you, yeah, that's not all we did. We went we took it one step further. We designed what the offers need to be as well, right? So different kinds of offers. So prompt driven because it's an AI tool, goal driven, feature benefits, social proof, etc., etc., right? We came up with a bunch of offers which we tested really quickly in the market, right? To see which one are which one's going to work. The guy's product is not live yet and he's got a waiting list of customers, right?Siberia Su: HowHassaan Ahmad: WhatSiberia Su: didHassaan Ahmad: it costSiberia Su: he getHassaan Ahmad: him?Siberia Su: a list of customers without being live?Hassaan Ahmad: We got it um through this So this is his website right now, right?Siberia Su: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Um what we did was we the 3,000 that we took from him, we invested half of that back into running some very targeted the kind of ads that you saw for this.  
00:28:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? So that has now given us a waiting list of a couple of hundred people who when the product goes live, they will get priority access to the product. Right? So that's his website right now. you can type in and you can join the weight list today. ButSiberia Su: Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: this is everything that's live, right? So again, we took 3,000 from him. We reinvested half of that back into the business, right? Back into So we did all of that plus gave him half back and that's what he has today, right? So you mentioned that you're in bootstrap mode. You want to get to the minimum viable product. Could this be a way? I would leave that question open to you, right?Siberia Su: How long does it take the process of like running ads, building the website and gettingHassaan Ahmad: uh about a month, right? So the reason it takes about a month with you it might take a bit less because you already have quite a few built blocks in place.  
00:29:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: So you said you have a PowerPoint, you have the framework and you're very technically strong, right? So we'll sit with you. We'll spend a couple of hours really trying to understand what is it that the RPA framework does, who does it matter to, why does it matter, what are they not able to do today, um and what will they be able to do differently, right? So we'll understand those then we'll take it away. We'll spend a week to mock up something like this. Yeah. We'll work with you to make sure that it delivers the message exactly as you think will resonate with the people and we'll provide some feedback on what we know to be true in terms of psychology, in terms of buying behavior and so forth to make sure that actually happens.Siberia Su: Did youHassaan Ahmad: Once we're happy with this, we'll go live. We'll come up with the offers next and then we could get the ads running week three, week four, right? And as soon as the ads are going a week or so after that, you start seeing the results.  
00:29:57
 Siberia Su: Um, sorry, a question. Do you umHassaan Ahmad: Yes,Siberia Su: the ad that you're running is on like on LinkedIn? Like what channel did you run for him?Hassaan Ahmad: for this one, this is meta. Um, depends on the business. So, we don't like to do Google because it's expensive, right? AndSiberia Su: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: also on Google, people need to know what they're looking for. When you're trying to reach out to cold audience, it's algorithmic um ad channels which are better. So the likes of YouTube actually works really well but it requires a lot of budget. So LinkedIn for you I think it would be LinkedIn because you are trying to reach out to that kind of uhSiberia Su: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: clientSiberia Su: IHassaan Ahmad: though.Siberia Su: had to reach out to CEO and a CFO's.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So that's going to be LinkedIn but this guy was meta.Siberia Su: So, he paid you 3,000 $3,000 correctly. IsHassaan Ahmad: All right.Siberia Su: that a  
00:30:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: one time payment?Hassaan Ahmad: It's a 3,000 per month. It's a three month commitment. Um,Siberia Su: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: butSiberia Su: that'sHassaan Ahmad: what that allows us to do is to run this process with you, right? So, we invest half of that back which makes us which gives us skin in the game, right? Because as you can imagine us doing this, we're not really making any money from it. We make money when you start selling but it's to do everything foundationally correct that allows us to then scale in the long term. ASiberia Su: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: lot of people skip this step um and then they're back at square one four months down the line and it's not great. So look, this is what we do, right? And if it sounds interesting, happy to discuss this more, right? I've got a deck. I could take you through it. We could go through the steps and so forth.Siberia Su: Yeah. No, it sounds interesting.  
00:31:42
 Siberia Su: I just uh just to be very frank, I don't have the budget. So far, everything I've done is free. If you say this whole thing cost 3,000, I'll think about it. If it's 3,000 per month, which I saw actually on the ad. That's why I said I'm curious to like learn what you're offering. So once I'm budgeted likeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: and I I'll be interested. It's not like I so far love all the solution that you've been providing. I think you're very clear in terms of like the structure and the steps in the lead funnel. Uh it's just I'm very transparent with my like situation. Also, I was like going through s*** before I started the business. I was going throughHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: like I was pushed out by my last company like the open AI episode. Um like how Sam Ottoman was pushed out all of a sudden like what the f***Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: got some severance and then I was like I had 13 company on my resume.  
00:32:33
 Siberia Su: I was exhausted. I was like corporate is not for me because I move too fast and I'm likeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: entrepreneur type of person. So but still like I was debating in between the two. Then I saw how ridiculous the job openings are. I'm like, I'm not going back to work for somebody that I don't respect or don't respect me because like the roles are so limiting, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: You have to like fit into some roles. So, I randomly had this invention. I didn't had this thing because I wanted to build a business. I had this thing because I care about problem and I was thinking so hard about itHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: and had aha moment. Then I did IP then I realized, okay, I have to build a business around it because there is no way that you can just license it under me, which you can, but it's kind of ridiculous. So that'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: how the business started and then I started to do the marketing blah blah blah.  
00:33:19
 Siberia Su: So the the reason I'm sharing this is that um that kind of led to a path where I wasn't prepared myself. I wasn't prepared to like I'm going to start a business next year so I'm gonna like save a lot of money on the side.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: This all happened implant like implanted pregnancy you know basically.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: So you're not prepared. Nothing was prepared like the entire thing you have to not climb mount Everest. Yeah, that's basicallyHassaan Ahmad: I mustSiberia Su: how it Yeah, good luck because you're like picking things on the go, right? Creating aHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: path on the go. Um the the best preparation I had is my decades of like you know experiences very hands-onHassaan Ahmad: your life.Siberia Su: across business veryHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: like ability to connect the dots the network that I've built kind of the right signal the right pain points that I was solving at the right time because most companies are not making a lot of money right now because of AI  
00:34:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: and like especially the traditional like gaming companies the bigger ones are consolidating they they have cash to burn but likeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: nobody's like oh We're growing like exponentially yearbyear. That's pre- pandemic time.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh yeah, absolutely.Siberia Su: After 2021, everybody is slowing down. If you're lucky, if we're still growing, right? Oh, except for the AI company. Not for like Car AI building company.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: I'm talking about like all the other businesses,Hassaan Ahmad: It's eitherSiberia Su: right?Hassaan Ahmad: that or you've got to spend you've got to have really deep pockets,Siberia Su: DeepHassaan Ahmad: right?Siberia Su: pockets of like Yeah. SpentHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: marketing like f****** labu.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: It'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: all marketingHassaan Ahmad: ItSiberia Su: justHassaan Ahmad: is. It is. Right. You're you're buying attention. You're buying eyeballs. That's That'sSiberia Su: Yeah. It'sHassaan Ahmad: allSiberia Su: like make  
00:34:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: that thereSiberia Su: everybodyHassaan Ahmad: is.Siberia Su: use it to the point where your brain is like that's the only thing I seeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: every single day. Now you want it. I don't have one but like because I'm a marketing person. I know how it works. But it's still ridiculous the amount of time I'm seeing the same ad. It blow like the same type of ad doing it differently. It blowsHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: my mind, you know? Uh I'm like if the world can pay for f****** labu they gota find a way to f******Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: pay for my s***.Hassaan Ahmad: It's it's just the it's it's the first 10, right? You get the first 10 and then Yeah. things start paying for themselves.Siberia Su: Yeah. AndHassaan Ahmad: That'sSiberia Su: thenHassaan Ahmad: theSiberia Su: they alsoHassaan Ahmad: goldenSiberia Su: haveHassaan Ahmad: number.Siberia Su: hundreds of billions of dollars that companyHassaan Ahmad: Oh, yeah.  
00:35:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Siberia Su: like it's ridiculous.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Because see, it's once you can prove something that works, people have so much money, they would back you up, right? You get seed funding, you get angels, you get, you know, your series A VCs come in and then it gets really interesting, right? Because then you have the money to buy customers, right? And once you are in that position, then the world is your oyster. All you have it becomes a Ponzi scheme where you're buying customers to get more investors to get more money to buy more customersSiberia Su: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: and and that's just what it is.Siberia Su: that's theHassaan Ahmad: ButSiberia Su: tree.Hassaan Ahmad: hey, look, um, appreciate you being completely honest, right?Siberia Su: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So ISiberia Su: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: can't do less than two months simply because the first month is the setup and then we need a couple of month well we need a couple of weeks at least for the results to start trickling through right there's it is not possible to accelerate the first month simply because if you work back from the timeline that we have right once you sign or if you sign it's going to take us two to three days to get all the people involved the right people involved.  
00:36:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: Get a meeting in, right? Really understand the questions that really understand what your what makes your product different, right? And we need to take that away, digest it a little bit, come up with a copy, work with you, make sure that the copies well, then go through the design, etc., etc. Like all those processes, they take time, right? So two months is the absolute bare minimum, right? Um, if that is going to be a challenge or is that going to be a challenge?Siberia Su: the uh two month is not the challenge right now. So I have one challenge my go to market window for five pilot is from May to September. So MayHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Siberia Su: is already gone. June is already gone, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: So three more months. UmHassaan Ahmad: Why is that? Why till September?Siberia Su: it's just the way I want it. I I set for myself. I don't want to. I set five open seat till September.  
00:37:34
 Siberia Su: NowHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Siberia Su: I go to market in midmay. Uh I was just doing some branding. I talked to three companies uh two one of which was my per employee but there was some politics going on. So first they said interested then they backed out and that's verbal conversation. They actually were already using part of it because IHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Siberia Su: already shared a formula online but they're denying it and no because other people were telling me. So it's kind of sketchy. Uh it's it's one of those things that even if you know you can confront them because you don't have evidence you just know like it would be very nasty if you just go confrontational mode and cease cease letter you know like that's I don't want to go that path yet alsoHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Siberia Su: they don't they don't have the whole framework because they just have some basic formula like there are bunch of company around the world right now was using the base formula that I shared without my permission but I can't focus on like collecting everybody because I have to focus on making revenue out of the the actual thing that  
00:38:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: I have and um so that's that and then there's some else industry politics going on but like for me it's really about finding alignment with the right client if somebody really is struggling with their KPI if my solution indeed is the right and the best solution for them uh even with politics it doesn't matter like it's really about creating the right value you're working with me as a business not working with me as as a person it doesn't f****** matter. It's like if you need a mask during CO, who gives aHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: f*** about theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um, look, I don't know much about your product, right? But I do know that summer is bad for setting, right? Um,Siberia Su: for sellingHassaan Ahmad: summer is bad for selling. people go on holidays, decision- making typically gets really slow and you're really just entering the worst period of it. So, between July and September is when schools are off, people are off, people have their holidays planned, etc., etc., etc. And, uh, things slow down, you know.  
00:39:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, um, that's not to say that five by September is unrealistic. I think it's a very realistic goal. But I have to understand what the sales process looksSiberia Su: ButHassaan Ahmad: like,Siberia Su: theHassaan Ahmad: right?Siberia Su: the marketing message I said this might have pass five pilot seat open from May to September. It doesn't mean that I have to lock in the like I could say the application is done by September right the partner can be locked you know a lot of application last longer than the windowHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Siberia Su: it doesn't matter like youHassaan Ahmad: exactlySiberia Su: knowHassaan Ahmad: right. And you can come come up with something, right? You can just say, "Hey, due to overwhelming demand, we've we've decided to extend it by another two months, blah blah blah." Like, you can you can put a marketing spin onSiberia Su: orHassaan Ahmad: it.Siberia Su: even if it's a lot it's like end of September I can still reach out to people and say like come up with whatever and then I make a final announcement in like October not October  
00:40:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: November and say hey like this is what we selected from the five partners like doesn't matter like there's a bunchHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: of that can happenHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. AndSiberia Su: nobodyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Well, so if September is a timeline or if you think you can extend it, then that works really well for us, right? Give us two months, ideally three months, and we can work with it. Um, if you want to still go solo, right, if you want to try to do this yourself, then I can give you a couple of tools or I can point you to a couple of tools which will automate some of this thingSiberia Su: ThankHassaan Ahmad: theseSiberia Su: youHassaan Ahmad: thingsSiberia Su: soHassaan Ahmad: thatSiberia Su: much.Hassaan Ahmad: you're doing. Yeah. So, one of well, the first thing that you're going to need is LinkedIn Sales Navigator because that allows you to find your ICP really quickly. So you can put in some filters and you can try to get a list of the CEOs or the CERO's whoever you're targeting at the company size that you're targeting really well.  
00:41:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's number one. Once you have sales navigator, you can either try to reach out to all of them individually which takes a lot of time or you can automate by creating a sequence. The product that I use is called dripify. So drip and then if ySiberia Su: Grip. GripHassaan Ahmad: umSiberia Su: like GUIP. Grip.Hassaan Ahmad: no dripSiberia Su: A drip. Drip.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah I can sh I can share it to you. Look so dripify. This is the product. Um what this allows you to do is take that LinkedIn sales navigator list and put that in an automated sequence. Right now you will connect with a lot of people but connection doesn't mean anything. Right? So it will take some of the manual work out of it. It will allow you to scale your efforts but you will still need to be on top of it in order to really kind of make a difference. Yeah. There's no shortcut to it.  
00:42:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: This is as close it gets to to automating or putting stuff on autopilot while you're continuing to build. So, Sales Navigator, get a list, put it in Dripify, set the sequence to go out live, and uhSiberia Su: What does tripify do again?Hassaan Ahmad: let me show you what it does. I don't know why I'm showing this to you. I you know, I really enjoy talking to you. So, I'll just show it to you. So, this is one of my offers, right? So remote here go to market as a service and you can see the number of people that I'm targeting. So like 1836 2169 like it's close to 10,000 people that I'm targeting for the offer, right? That's in addition to the LinkedIn stuff that we're running. What Ripify does is automate everything from viewing their profile. I don't know if you can see it. So it will Let me move you out of the way.Siberia Su: So it's like aHassaan Ahmad: SoSiberia Su: dripHassaan Ahmad: it  
00:43:26
 Siberia Su: email. Okay, gotcha.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah so it will send them an invite. If the invite is accepted then you can pick up you can select the message. So if the invite is selected it will then send them a message and you can decide how many messages you want to send them till they either say no or they say yes or they start ignoring you. Yeah.Siberia Su: IHassaan Ahmad: So,Siberia Su: usually just ghost.Hassaan Ahmad: so what are you saying?Siberia Su: It's like it's I think most people just ghost. They won't answer. They just ghost don't answer. LikeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Well, but then if they've accepted, then they will always be following you and they will see the content that you're putting out. Anyways, what I'm trying to show you is I've connected with out of those 1500 people I connected I have so far reached out to about 96 of which 11 have accepted completely on autopilot. None of these have converted by the way. Right?  
00:44:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: So this is just me building my audience. But this is how you automate this. So you have two options. The first one is if you want to really do it on a shoestring budget, then sales navigator would be about $100. I think tripify is another 79. So $200 a month, you could put a lot of this stuff on autopilot, stay on top of it, and who knows what you might be able to get, right? Or the other extreme is the full service that we do. It's your choice, right? I'm not going to try to sell it to you. You're very smart. You're a very smart girl, right? And you're being very honest with me. So, look, those are the two extremes. Sho string budget versus the Ferrari, right? Whatever you want to do, let me know. We'll take itSiberia Su: LetHassaan Ahmad: from there.Siberia Su: me tell you, I won the Ferrari. All people always use my brain as Ferrari and  
00:45:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: I had to fight with people over my IP because these guys in the US they would just like write other people's thought content as their own and they don't attribute back at you. Not everybody. As long as one or two or three of them, especially if they have the fancy title, they do it. It's like writing my work like a Ferrari because they didn'tHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Siberia Su: build like amplified followers, 200,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Siberia Su: 300 likes over some original genius strategy idea that I f****** wrote out of my 10 plus years experience riding a bike, youHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Siberia Su: know, because I don't have the tool. EverythingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: I did was f****** menu and they just have some fancy title and they do that. It's annoying me so much and there's not much I can do because I can't only pick the fight, you know? I can't like always fight with people. PeopleHassaan Ahmad: No.Siberia Su: think I'm crazy. Always fighting with people.  
00:46:12
 Siberia Su: But like that's like, you know, I want to have Ferrari, but because of these people like I'm still on a bike. It's so unfair. I buildHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: a tool can help company to run likeHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Siberia Su: a Ferrari. Um, that's actually I love use the car analogy. I'm not even joking. my new campaign has a work Ferrari like basicallyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: um that that can help company run much faster. they just have to bet on me, you know, like I I just hate the fact that I know it's working and I've had credibility and resume and I still have to like go through a necessary hurdle to convince people because they by default maybe they don't see me as someone who would provide that type of solution or I don't know like I'm just like being very frustrated with people that I know like if people I don't know it's fair you don't have to trust me who the f*** I am right like forHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:47:11
 Siberia Su: people do know or have worked with it just gets like I don't knowHassaan Ahmad: You know what?Siberia Su: goodHassaan Ahmad: What? One of the things that we could do for you is I'm sorry I cut you off there. Um, as you were talking, you don't have an issue with promoting yourself, do you?Siberia Su: noHassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, what we could do for you is rather than running ads, we could use you as the amplifier, right? So, we could connect with people this way, right? prioritize getting more people as your connections. And then um we could work with you to come up with some really tight messaging and help you promote yourself as the founder, as the face of the company, as the face of RPA, and then use those posts that you put and boost them, right? Or or figure out a way to amplify the message even more so that more and more people start seeing that, right? The team that I have is really good. They're a bunch of geeks who have figured out everybody says it.  
00:48:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: Uh but they they understand the algo quite deeply and they they they know what to do with it and what behaviors to consistently deploy that trains the algorithm to give you more and more visibility over time. Right? So again, that's also something you could do by the way, right? you could gain the algo. Um, and that's what most of these people are doing. So, so that could also be a way. So, rather than running paid ads for operations, it could be Siberia posts something positioning yourself as the subject matter expert who's got this brilliant patented framework and then, you know, we just amplify that message so that it goes out to more and more people. And then we have a way for them to connect with you or contact you through either a landing page which provides them a bit more information or something like so. So there's stuff that we can do, right?Siberia Su: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Again, you just have to tell us what you want to do.  
00:49:22
 Siberia Su: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Now you said a lot of things valuable. Um I need to think about it. It's definitely like I'm definitely interested. It's like I said, it's more of budget thing and timing thing. If I I have budget, I want everybody to help me. I just want to go in jacuzzi and just de-stress. I'm not even joking. I spend a lot of time in jacuzzi just because it's too stressful toHassaan Ahmad: It is.Siberia Su: toHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. You'reSiberia Su: goHassaan Ahmad: doingSiberia Su: onHassaan Ahmad: fiveSiberia Su: this.Hassaan Ahmad: jobs, I think.Siberia Su: Yeah. Um the responsibility is but I'm actually not spending that much time. I'm like because I'm not like doing any leading myself. I'm starting to and that the mo like I hate to be a salesperson but inevitably if you have a business you have to do sales, right? Like it's justHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: the nature of life.  
00:50:04
 Siberia Su: Now I'm starting to do it. I don't even like like I I I know the companies that I want to start up working with. I know their name. I actually have five CEOs if not 10 CEOs my as my direct LinkedIn connection if not CMO and CRO. I still don't feel like without more campaign I feel like I'm ready or momentum. momentum meaning like I have to have at least one partner smaller than them working with me for them for me to pitch to a bigger company seuite um if I pitch directly not necessarily say the rejection will be 100% but it will be very high just I feel like if I only have one shot directly messaging I can't repeat but that's I can't repeat more than three times I'm not that type of person so I I feel like not until I have a more confident strategy I don't want to do that even though they're my first degree connection. I haven't talked to them for 10 years. Like I don't even remember when I when I added them.  
00:51:01
 Siberia Su: So it's not like you know we uhHassaan Ahmad: So,Siberia Su: if obviously if I comment connection in between will function as a reference that would be so much easierHassaan Ahmad: I'mSiberia Su: ifHassaan Ahmad: going toSiberia Su: IHassaan Ahmad: share a secret with you. A person who's got a C in their title, they're getting reached out to by 20 30 people on average a day. They will remember precisely zero of them three days from the day they've been approached. Yeah, you can reach out however many times you want. As long as you don't do anything to be memorable in a good way or a bad way in their minds, it's fine. you know those guys they'll forget. So you can reach out to them one week and then wait two weeks reach out to them again and you could continue doing that. Um but yes that does require that's the salesperson skill right? It requires you to have thick skin and just the tenacity to just go go at it again and again.  
00:52:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: You know either your head breaks or the wall breaks but that'sSiberia Su: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: just whatSiberia Su: likeHassaan Ahmad: it is.Siberia Su: I'm not good at that. Like I I need to do like I I have I wouldn't call it ego. I just there's a reason I'm a builder and I'm like a more of a technical person even though I don't have a technical degree. I'm like a science mind. I f****** hate to deal with people all the time. Like because you have to like always be like I do respect really good sales people because I'm like,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: "Well, you're consistent. You're still sending me email." But at the sameHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: time, I'm like getting no response more than two times already shoots my nerve system, you know?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: It it uh it's just not what I'm built for. Like I'm I'mHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: I'm very much rather to have like even like the basic reason. I wish people give me the basic reason of like why they don't want you or like like I wanted to see a path.  
00:53:00
 Siberia Su: My brain is wired to solve problem. If I can't like if they don't say anything I don't know how to solve that problem, you know like giveHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: me a signal like say something doHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: something you know.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: UmHassaan Ahmad: No, I hear you.Siberia Su: yeah but anyways I hear you. I think this call is very helpful. Thank you for the information. I'll definitely think about it. Like I said, there's nothing like stop me except for the resource and um and more on budget side. I've been spending nothing right now. Just like go on free writing mode other than you know I spent some money on the patent filing last year and this year all the campaign I've done is free branding campaign. Uh so people definitely know my name tied to this framework but like there are people talking s*** about it blah blah blah. So for company to pay for it especially bigger company especially with the model that I go to market with everybody this framework if I tell people how to use it it will be immediately implemented by company around the world and nobody's paying me  
00:53:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: H.Siberia Su: and and it will be recycled by other content thought leader it becomeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: this youHassaan Ahmad: That'sSiberia Su: knowHassaan Ahmad: why you got to protect it.Siberia Su: that's why I got protected I I f****** hated that I share the base formula so it's already being like stripped apart but at the time I shared the base formula I did not see it as a patent I thought I was putting on some thought leaderHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: um ship online. I I didn't know I didn't know people would behave like that. Um then I stopped talking about it. It was already almost late but not too late because the core of the framework is still with me. Um but it's very hard to protect it because I'm not building like um like a kind of very technical back end. I'm connecting like kind of a business processing and the logic in a new way. So once you share the methodology with the market with people who are in the field they can replicate it and they can deny your value but it's very strategically powerful.  
00:54:53
 Siberia Su: So what if they use it right? Ferrari Formula 1. Jesus Christ. But they have to use it right. That's why I'm targeting seuite because it has to come from the top, right? Like one person within the organization behaving right isn't going to change yourHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: company internal. You have toHassaan Ahmad: Has to be mandated. Yeah.Siberia Su: exactly so basically what I have and there's like definitely mountains of challenge and I'm interested in your solution. And I just have to figure out like if if let's say 3 weeks from now I really don't have any like my head is banging on the wall. I don't really have any solutions. I thinkHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Siberia Su: try to partner with you.Hassaan Ahmad: sounds great. Look,Siberia Su: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: let's put a touch point in for three weeks, right?Siberia Su: Sounds good.Hassaan Ahmad: You can give me a thumbs up or a thumbs down and then uh still I I really enjoyed this conversationSiberia Su: LikewiseHassaan Ahmad: conversation that I genuinely enjoy. So,Siberia Su: IHassaan Ahmad: I'mSiberia Su: feelHassaan Ahmad: going toSiberia Su: likeHassaan Ahmad: drop somethingSiberia Su: you can hear like resonate my problem whichHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Siberia Su: is helpful.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
Transcription ended after 00:56:22

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
