---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Heroic Man x Remotir - Onboarding – 2026/03/12 10:28 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-12T12:14:27.422Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-12T11:31:35.984Z
---


Heroic Man x Remotir - Onboarding - Transcript
00:00:00
 Adeel Khan: Hey, Pete. How's it going?Pete Taylor: Good. A deal. How are you?Adeel Khan: I'm good. I'm good. Nice meetingPete Taylor: Yeah,Adeel Khan: you.Pete Taylor: likewise, man. What's um what's what's your role?Adeel Khan: I'm the marketer.Pete Taylor: TheAdeel Khan: So, yeah.Pete Taylor: marketer.Adeel Khan: So, we're going to be I'm going to be the one running the campaigns and all.Pete Taylor: Okay, man. Nice. Nice.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: I like that.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Where you from?Pete Taylor: London or just outside?Adeel Khan: No, nice, nice, nice. I'm going to doPete Taylor: Oh, okay.Adeel Khan: Manchester.Pete Taylor: I was actually I was in Manchester three weeks ago. I was I did a talk there. There was a an event called Manchester Manchester Men's 300.Adeel Khan: Oh.Pete Taylor: Um there was Yeah. big event and I I was one of the speakersAdeel Khan: Oh,Pete Taylor: there.Adeel Khan: that's cool. Pretty interesting stuff.  
00:00:56
 Adeel Khan: Was itPete Taylor: Hassan, how we doing, man?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm good. How are you?Pete Taylor: Very well, mate. Very well.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry guys, we're continuing. So,Pete Taylor: We just have a little chinHassaan Ahmad: continue.Pete Taylor: wag.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, we're going to wait for our well my co-founder Adnan to join asAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: well.Pete Taylor: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: Give him a couple of minutes.Pete Taylor: cool.Hassaan Ahmad: But while we're waiting for him, Adil, have you already done an intro?Adeel Khan: Yeah. This topi. I'm the marketer running campaigns.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, Pete, the way we structured is I'm the sales mind. So, I do strategy, I do well. anything leading up to defining the messaging and stuff.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Adnan um he will introduce himself in a bit but Adnan does the design side of things.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Our core premise is you can have the best message in the world but unless it's delivered in a way that is that resonates with people in the first like two seconds it fails right so now specializes in turning complexity into just simplicity and then Adil is the marketeer  
00:01:57
 Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: he's the he's the guy who puts us puts all of that into the machine and uhPete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: gets the results cool um I did an intro for youPete Taylor: I like it.Hassaan Ahmad: already man but do you want to Say a couple lines aboutAdnan Khan: Uh yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: you.Adnan Khan: hey Pete, just good to meet you. Um yeah, I think Hassan already covered it. Most of my career has been uh design, building good products, just product leadership. Uh prior to remote here,Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Adnan Khan: did a few startups. Uh spent about six years in Meta, something like that. Um so really just yeah, just just seen a lot of the lot of the product stuff. Uh, and really excited to getting to work with you as well.Pete Taylor: Yeah, thank you, man. Good to meet you.Hassaan Ahmad: So, what we were thinking of doing today, Pete, is let me quickly share my screen so you know what I'm looking at. This is a typical flow of our onboarding.  
00:03:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: We do an intro to the team, but this is really for us to understand about understand everything about you. Right? So, we want to know what heroic man is or what your new offer is, how you structured, who's in the team, who do we need to know and so forth. Right? I've written product here. So, what what exactly are we selling? Right? What makes it special? What are the differentiators? Who are you competing against? what are we likely to find in the market. So this is for you to just shorten our learning curve and accelerate our speed to execution. If there is a demo,Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: if there is something that you could tell uh presented like what do you show your people um your prospects when they get in a call that would be very helpful for us to know as well. Then um number four onwards is mainly for a deal and it's more focused on the logistic side. So tell us about everything that you've done to date.  
00:04:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: what has worked, what hasn't worked. Um, walk us through your ad accounts. Uh, if you can, any opportunities where you want to focus on quickly based on your knowledge and so forth. Give us all of that information. We'll take it away and then we'll populate this dock for you in which we would have the current state, any open questions, how we going to execute. So, this talk will keep us aligned and uh minimize the need for you needing to ask questions from us, right? Um, typically when we do it, it works really, really well. Keen to hear your thoughts and tell us if there's anything that we've missed on here that you would also like toPete Taylor: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: include.Pete Taylor: SoundsHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Awesome. Right. Well,Pete Taylor: good.Hassaan Ahmad: that's uh that's my spiel. So why don't you tell us tell the team about heroic man and thePete Taylor: Okay. So context is I used to runHassaan Ahmad: casine.Pete Taylor: an architecture business.  
00:05:01
 Pete Taylor: So what I w I was in corporate for 10 years. Uh studied as an architect, got into corporate, climbed the corporate ladder, became a kind of a a a lead design and I had a team underneath me. Um 10 years into that I realized I could do it myself. So, I left corporate and set up my own architecture business. And it kind of looked like the living room that a deal you're in now is where I started. Uh it looked very sim very so f****** similar. And so I I I built the architecture business from my living room and we built that over the course of five years. And I in the end I owned an office in Ascot High Street. I had uh my team on the bottom floor. by a team of 20 people had tenants on the middle floor and then on the top floor is changing converting into a co-working space and we're winning multiple awards for our culture and for our designs and our projects and really um we were taking over Barkshshire Surrey area in in what we were doing competing with all the big boys that were been around for 20 years and we were the young guns that were coming up.  
00:06:10
 Pete Taylor: Uh on year six I realized it wasn't for me. Like I built I'd built this business. Um externally super successful, beautiful house in the country. I had a wife, child on the way, the garden big enough that you need one of those sit on lawnmowers. Had a Rolex watches and and some nice cars on the drive. So externally successful internally chaos. internal f****** pressure, internal stress, burnout, very disconnected with with my with my wife, you know, you know, sex was me every now and again. Mainly because I was so f****** stressed. Like, I wasn't even on my f****** radar. Um, I was conscious I was having a child. I'm like, f***, I want to be a great father. I'm running a business. I'm doing 70our weeks. Uh, also, the business relationship that I was in my with my business partner was just f****** toxic. It wasn't it wasn't a good relationship. There was no there was no boundaries for me. A boundary was a f****** fence outside, not something internally that you set as a standard.  
00:07:18
 Pete Taylor: Um, and I got to a really dark place. I got to a place that was I'm peak performer. I'm a high performing guy. I'm super f****** fit. I can do a lot of things very very well. Uh, I've sold into the multiples of millions. Um, I I lead. I'm very good. I'm a great leader. yet I'm having thoughts I don't want to be in it. I don't want to be anymore. And then and for me, I'm like, this is there's something f****** wrong here. There's some there's something up. And for me as a guy, I'm like, I shouldn't be having those thoughts. So, I made the decision on year six to to exit the business and then go on a journey of figuring out what the f*** is going on in my mind and understanding my own psychology and understanding what goes on for men. Because I could join business masterminds and we I could learn the next strategy of how to scale the business, but but there was nothing that go how do we figure out what's going on in a man's mind like how do I become have how do I get internal peace and scale a company and be a great husband and be a incredible father and you know be that role model?  
00:08:25
 Pete Taylor: How do I be present? How do I f****** not neglect my emotions and get defensive when my misses like bring something up and I f****** stonewall and run off and whatever or get angry, you know? It's not right. And so I went on a journey of figuring that out. And that's when that's how it was initially called awakened man. And my mentor at the time studying um so he's doing his PhD in uh psychology for the masculine. So he trained me in that and we set up um Awakened Man. It was essentially to help wake men up and become more conscious so we don't walk around like zombies and then hoping it's all going to f****** work out and then we get into our 30s and 40s and think f*** is it isn't f****** working out.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: Um I think they call it midlife crisis. Yeah. Yeah. I've done that. You know I had the Porsche had the f****** GT4 had the penthouse and can warf had the f****** I've done that and it's great.  
00:09:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: Heat.Pete Taylor: Yeah. However, if you don't have internal peace, it's s***. And what we built with Awakened Man was a space where men could get together, high performing guys could get together and figure out what's going on in their heads and get around other likeminded guys, other growthminded men. Men need men. We need we need other men and we need strong men and we need meet men with standards and discipline. And so I began to curate these guys and put put us all in our own community. And then we'd get on weekly calls and talk about psychology and masculinity and growth and standards. And then we'd do meetups. And in those meetups, I would essentially delve into the brains and the minds of all the guys and bring them to awareness. Like get them to see how that they sabotage their marriages or sabotage their business or sabotage their growth. Get them to see the patterns that they're in the program, the belief systems that they're running in their mind and essentially dissolve parts of their ego that is still keeping them acting like boys.  
00:10:39
 Pete Taylor: because I was a f****** 30 odd year old man and I would act like a boy, you know, I look like a man. I'd run a business, I have a house, I have a wife and doing all these man things, yet I f****** run away from confrontation. I'd hide or just or dismiss it or just ignore it, bury s*** under the rug. Oh, I I won't deal with that with the misses. I put it under the f****** rug. It's immature. A man doesn't do that. A man faces it. And that's just a small example. There was many, many, many examples, right, of how immature masculine plays out in man's in man's lives. And it's the ego. And when I began to understand this, I'm like, f****** no one's teaching this. No one's f****** no one teaches you how to be a man. You're just thrown out into the world. And and and and we live in this f****** society where it's difficult. It's like, what the f*** is it to be a man these these days?  
00:11:30
 Pete Taylor: If I Yeah. If I think about traditional masculinity, he's toxic, apparently. And so that's you know that became my mission is to help guys and we built uh awaken man over the course of five years and it's now changed into heroic man. Now I was doing it with uh three uh two other guys who are now out of the business. I'm running it solely. Um and that had been my mission for the last five years. last year. So coming up to speed now, I saw uh a pattern in what I was doing that when I was working with CEOs, I was getting f****** better results because they're action takers and they were paying me more. and I would help unravel their minds and and help them understand what's going on and they become better husbands and better fathers and then their business would grow as a byproduct. I am also great at strategy in a company and I'm also great at like getting a guy clear and what the f*** he needs to focus on in his company and very good at doing that.  
00:12:46
 Pete Taylor: So I was like actually there's a there's a there's a gap here that previously I was focusing on just men that wanted growth. The problem with that is that a lot of those men that wanted growth didn't have money. And and and and also the problem with that is that I'd have guys coming in at this level that are just starting out and just figuring out figuring out what's going on in the world and maybe making a couple of grand a month and another guy who's doing 50 million and the gap was too far and the problems were too far and actually just disjointed it. So, I just began last year to focus more on CEOs and mainly doing one-to-one work, just doing a lot of one-to-one, but then I bring them into my groups. We do a meet up and I go, "Hey, come to the groups." I go, "f****** hell, there's all these other guys that like me and it's just so and we're doing cool stuff, you know? We're not just sat around a boardroom table." Like, we're get into it.  
00:13:45
 Pete Taylor: And I have a lot of psychological tools that I can that I help guys with. And historically they go, "That's f****** weird." But when they're doing it with a group of other guys, I'm like, "This isn't weird, man. This f****** works." So that's what I do. How I deliver it, um, what I've seen working with my delivery is I essentially do it in three different ways. Number one is I do one onetoone coaching. So they sign up to me for like a one-to-one package and we work with each other for four to six months and it very much looks like um how I set my packages is we do something called a CEO day where I spend a whole day with the CEO. Um so we meet in person and we spend a whole day together and in you know six seven hours we get a lot done. I could figure out a lot. And also for a CEO to to be with someone else who isn't connected to their business doesn't have any agenda.  
00:14:59
 Pete Taylor: You can f****** talk to me about whatever the f*** you want. And it's a release for so many of them. And because I understand words and psychology, I can pick apart what they're saying and help them bring awareness to their patterns and their programs and where they're falling short. And I'm not afraid to hold the standard and hold the line and call b*******. And a lot of CEOs don't have that. A lot of founders don't have that. A lot of directors don't have that because they're top of the tier. So no one really calls them up, calls them out. So I'll start with a CEO day and then afterwards we'll coach every couple of weeks and then they'll be in my WhatsApp and we'll do coaching calls like this and then I'll and then I'll meet him up again. You know, halfway during our coaching container, we'll do another CEO day. And the way I orchestrate my CEO days, they're experiences. Tomorrow I'm taking a guy a guy, he has no f****** idea.  
00:15:55
 Pete Taylor: I'm taking guy into the woods. I'm going to help him dig his grave. He has no f****** idea. Other times I'll take guys andAdnan Khan: That's the kind of s*** Hassan would die for, by the way. Just just putting it out there.Pete Taylor: What's that?Adnan Khan: That's the kind of s*** Hassan would die for. He would just love to just go and be a fly on the wall. And it says giggling.Pete Taylor: Yeah. Um, all the way through to I'll sit we'll sit in a boardroom for six hours and we'll f****** get a whiteboard and we'll hash it out and we'll figure out what's going on in their life and in their business and I help them figure out what they want and I get and get clear on their what what they want. So that's like that's the core way that I work. The other way that work is those CEO days are just doing oneoffs. They're like sometimes they can just be a good intro in. It's like a one-off thing.  
00:16:50
 Pete Taylor: And then the other way which is my new which is my new thing is my CEO mastermind which I've just like I've just released and now I want to fill guys with this. And the CEO mastermind is essentially that uh it's a year container. We meet up as a as a mastermind four times a year in person. Two mastermind about business and about life. And then there's like an online community where we will coach and we'll we'll we'll kind of essentially do like online roundts around problems and challenges that they're going have in their business and have in their life. And that's that's the premise of it. And I take and I take them through like pillars essentially your body, your business and your mind. And in and in those pillars that that I have like operating systems that I will install. So an operating so like for your for your body for example to install an operating system in your eating and your moving and your sleeping to ensure that that is optimized so you optimize your energy.  
00:18:05
 Pete Taylor: equally your nervous system. I'll install an operating system for your nervous system so when the pressure is f****** savage and f****** high is that you know how to regulate and you can be calm in the chaos and that's nervous system regulation and and then I have um my one of the biggest things that I that I teach and that I talk about in your mind is your prisons is the is the prisons of your mind and we're all stuck stuck in prisons and I have a like a five P framework around prisons that essentially is P number one is your past is that we we all have a past but in our past we can have something called small trauma and capital T trauma. Capital T trauma we may have we may have been through or you may have heard other people going through. We're talking like assault, death, big f****** life events that can really change your psyche. And small small trauma is just like words on the playground or like words your teacher said to you or like you go to a little kids party at six years old and you want to get involved with all the little other little boys but they they push you out and saying, "Oh no, you don't belong with us." Seems small in the moment.  
00:19:32
 Pete Taylor: f****** hell. Does it Does it shape who guys are? Like I got a 5-year-old boy Christmas. We just had Christmas, right? And few weeks before Christmas, we're in the car. I'm taking him to school. And I'm like I like Leo, you do know that me and Santa are like best mates. He's like, "You are you?" Yeah. I was f****** We're on the phone last week. Tell him all about Really? He believes it. He believes that me and Santa are best mates. He thinks I'm f****** top legend, right? He's five. But that but it's a great example, right, of believe that age you believe f****** anything you're told. So if some So if someone says, you know, if Leo, you know, starts crying, I'm like f****** shut up, mate. Shut up because you shouldn't be f****** crying. I'm busy. You're worthless, mate. That sinks into him. But we all have that. So that's like small trauma but can lead to big things.  
00:20:30
 Pete Taylor: So our past creates a program. The next peak, the program of I'm not good enough. The program of I'm not loved. I'm not wanted. f****** program of there's something wrong with me. Big one. Big big in guys. There's something wrong with me. The program puts you in a prison and there six there's six core prisons that I talk about. So the program of there's something wrong with me. You're sat in a prison of shame. When you're in a prison of shame, you you you believe at a fundamental psychological level that there's something wrong with you and it's like humiliating. There's do so there's six core prisons. rejection, shame, scarcity, invisibility, right? And when we're in these prisons, the next P is your problem. It's it's the it's what you it's what you do with that with that program that you're sat in. So say like for example, you you think at some at some level and this is like subconsciously that there is something wrong with you, then you will sabotage in certain ways, which is your prop.  
00:21:51
 Pete Taylor: So the problem is your self-sabotage mechanism. It's your behavior. It's like for example, say you wanted to release a new product into the world and you go, I've got this f****** great idea and I really want to do it. New business, new product, whatever. But you just can't f****** press the button. You just can't like promote it. You just can't go and tell your story because you might believe that there's just something f****** wrong with you at some level. And so it's it won't be quite right. It's not perfect, so I'm not going to do it. But 99% of men will never get to that level of knowing that there's something wrong with them because it's f****** subconscious. They'll just react react the problem over and over and over, which is the behavior. When the problem is repeated over and over and over and over and over, like don't do the post, don't do the post, don't do the post, don't do the post for weeks and months and months, it becomes the last P, which is a pattern.  
00:22:50
 Pete Taylor: So it creates a pattern. So it creates this like loop. It's which reinfor this pattern reinforces that the past is the truth and and you are the f****** program. Does this make sense? Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's really smart asPete Taylor: Yeah. So that work in itself that like that I call it prison work.Hassaan Ahmad: well.Pete Taylor: I termed it prison work and I know how to get guys out of the prison. And and it's the work that I do behind the scenes is essentially excavating into a guy into a man's psyche, figuring out what substructures that he's built and then dismantling them. f****** get rid of them. And then what does he get? He gets freedom, freedom of mind and inner and begins to have inner peace and then starts going after the things that he wants in life. So that's my like mind prisons framework that I take guys throughHassaan Ahmad: Come on. ThatPete Taylor: mind. So if you if you like if you read like some of my social media posts on LinkedIn like you'll know a lot of them  
00:24:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: isPete Taylor: I will often refer to prisons of the mind and I'll go this is what happens when you're in a prison of control which is f****** big one for guys control. Yeah. Yeah. The ability to not be able to let go f****** huge. So I can talk about these things and CEOs and founders are like f****** hell that's me.Hassaan Ahmad: It's like you're holding a mirror through them.Pete Taylor: Yes, it is. Yeah, absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, good. So, um, that's incredible.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I might sign up for your SEO mastermind myself one day.Adnan Khan: I mean, yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: ButAdnan Khan: you're speaking to the choir here with like sign me up as well when you do because this is a lot of Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: yeah,Adnan Khan: but we should Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we should get family treatment, Pete. But hey,Pete Taylor: Get involved.Hassaan Ahmad: what what I'm getting is so CEO mastermind one year you meet as a group quarterly, right? So that's in person.  
00:25:05
 Pete Taylor: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Is that I I saw that you do like you know um off sites and stuff. Is that part of that or is that somethingPete Taylor: So the CEO days,Hassaan Ahmad: separate?Pete Taylor: so when I do like a onetoone CEO day, that's like when I'll do offsites. Um that and and that's normally onetoone, but I really want to do them as groups. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Pete Taylor: that that the intention is actually like when I've got groups of CEOs that I will then begin we'll do more of that in groups. So what I that's like my CEO stuff. What I do with heroic man is I like last year I do these off sites where I get like 30 40 guys together and it's and it's pure like self-development focus and we'll get into deep work essentially. We'll get into u******** our brains and our our minds together. But th those guys in Heroic Man, they're not all MDs and CEOs and they're like they're just they're anyone really that that wants to grow.  
00:26:08
 Pete Taylor: But it's just that now I'm like I I haven't earned what I want to earn in that world because they a lot of these guys go well I haven't got five grand to give you Pete. You know I'm I can't I can't business expense.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: I don't have a business. So that's why I'm like you know what you know the CEOs and the founders and the MDs you know they can business expense this they have got theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: money toHassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, the goal is go after CEOs 1 to 50 million in revenue, 1 to 30 depending on what we can find.Pete Taylor: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and it's to go beyond the current followers that you have, the current community that you have. is to go literally out into the world. Introduce you to the word, introduce your brand, build it, get people excited, get them through the fold. Correct? That's thePete Taylor: Correct.Hassaan Ahmad: mandate.Pete Taylor: I know that I know that what I can do with guys is quite is a little bit unique.  
00:27:20
 Pete Taylor: I just need to get in front ofHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: people.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, we're pretty good at making that happen, so it shouldn't be a problem. Okay, good. Um just want to make sure that I have captured the CM mastermind offer um perfectly so we can work around it. one year quarterly in-person meetups, online community. They get access to and trained on or you install the mind prisons framework and anything else or is thatPete Taylor: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: thatPete Taylor: they get a onetoone with me monthly.Hassaan Ahmad: okay hourly 2Pete Taylor: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: hours.Pete Taylor: It's like a one hour onetoone once a month.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, got it. And what they're really getting out of it apart from the facetime with you and the incredible um knowledge that you have is that community of like-minded people that you know aPete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: brotherhood so to speak. Okay,Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: good. How is that community structured? Is it WhatsApp group, online app?  
00:28:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: Like how do you guysPete Taylor: I have just migrated over to circle. Um I was using school and a WhatsApp group. um just the WhatsApp group was just that was with heroic man. It was just becoming a little bit messy and there's a lot going on in one group. So I've moved over circle and I'm still trying to ramp up that community.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: It's brand new on that I've moved in in the last month and I'm trying to ramp that up. I don't I still don't know whether it's the right move yet because it's it's like a lot of people spend time on WhatsApp. It's there.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: HPete Taylor: circle is a separate thing to go and find and go into and so yeah I'm still figuring that out to be honest.Hassaan Ahmad: what about slack?Pete Taylor: Uh yeah, I don't know. Maybe.Hassaan Ahmad: Seals live in slack.Pete Taylor: Do they?Hassaan Ahmad: A lot of them do.Pete Taylor: I I I did I well I I nearly considered Microsoft Teams.  
00:29:33
 Pete Taylor: Um because I know a lot I I did a I did a f****** a poll on LinkedIn. I'm like, who here uses Microsoft Teams? It's f****** like 70% of of like my audience uses Teams cuz I don't anymore, but I'm not I'm a different sort of CEO to what I used to be. But bricks and mortar CEOs, they on teams.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, the problem with teams is everything that you do is visible to your workspace admin and so forth. With Slack,Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you can have multiple you can be part of multiple organizations. So a CEO could be part of their organization but then you could have a heroic man or you know CEO mastermind or Peter organization that is invite only like we invited you to ours invite only you structure it in channels and so forth.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So that could work. Um do a poll with your current the people that you are working with. SlapPete Taylor: Yeah. I might Yeah, I might I might look at it.  
00:30:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: myPete Taylor: I'm I'm I'm What I liked about circle everything was in one. Like the events are in there. I can do calls in there. The chat multiple chat rooms are in there. I can put all of the call recordings and the courses in there. It was like f****** it's all in one. It's made for it. It's just having people use it. That's all it is.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Pete Taylor: So,Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Good. Okay. So,Adnan Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: um I'm clear on the offer. Guys,Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: do you have any questions?Adnan Khan: Um, I want to dig in a little. So, um, Pete, I saw somewhere, I think it was in the Slack group, you said you don't want to do emails, you just want to get call bookings directly, like you've done some stuff in the past here. So, this is more us going into like the actual funnel, the landing page, like the conversion goal.  
00:31:18
 Adnan Khan: Could you speak a little bit to what you've done in the past and and where you're looking to go so we can stress test that a littlePete Taylor: Yeah. So,Adnan Khan: bit?Pete Taylor: I do want emails. 100% I want emails. Um, I'm absolutely looking to build my email list. And I you do I do get sales from from emails. So, that is that is that would be important to to build that with the right right audience.Adnan Khan: Mhm.Pete Taylor: So, when I do send an email out, like I've literally just sent one out now. It's yeah it's gone out whilst we've been on this call promoting myAdnan Khan: Right.Pete Taylor: round inerson roundt I want to do next Friday um and I will get I know I'll get some guys that will reply to that they might they probably will come so email collection is important umAdnan Khan: Okay.Pete Taylor: what I've done in the so just to be clear what the question what I've done in the past and what worked and what hasn't  
00:32:12
 Adnan Khan: Uh what worked? What what hasn't? Because hang on, let me just bring up the chat um that I saw.Hassaan Ahmad: I think it was in the dock. Um, and it was that Yeah,Adnan Khan: Well, it wasn't. Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: it wasAdnan Khan: you're right. Go forPete Taylor: Okay.Adnan Khan: it.Pete Taylor: So, last year, um, it'll be in that ad account on LinkedIn. I ran some ads.Adnan Khan: Okay.Pete Taylor: Um, I can't remember how much I spent. Uh, I think it was like £50 a day maybe. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: I I can I can show you like what because I've got so I use a um I use go high level. Do you know?Adnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Pete Taylor: Yeah, I use go like I use I really like it.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: I use it as my as my CRM. Um, where is it?Adnan Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: Opportunities, opportunities, opportunities. Yeah. Link, link it in. Um, can I share my screen?  
00:33:21
 Pete Taylor: Yeah. Uh,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: yeah. Share that. Can you guys see that? Great.Adnan Khan: Yes.Pete Taylor: So, I've got like a separate pipeline here for the LinkedIn ads that I ran. Um, and essentially what it was, it was like we ran we ran an ad and they clicked on it and it was a LinkedIn form stayed on platform and it automatically put in their their number andAdnan Khan: Mhm.Pete Taylor: their email and they clicked submit to find out more details. It was about heroic man um at at the time and so I'd get these so likeAdnan Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: these new leads coming in here and then but that I had to call them.Adnan Khan: Right.Pete Taylor: I didn't like it. Um to be honest some guys I would call and they just look these guys no answer. A lot a lot of people just like no answer.Adnan Khan: So the quality wasPete Taylor: Yeah. Some quality was good some quality not so good.  
00:34:22
 Adnan Khan: shPete Taylor: Um, and like I was targeting people in the UK, but I was getting people that weren't in the UK. Um, you can see by some of their like names here,Adnan Khan: Right.Pete Taylor: uh, they just weren't they weren't they were over in India, right? And and so like when I you like even their numbers were like they were not British numbers.Adnan Khan: Right.Pete Taylor: They were like it was from Pakistan and things. So um, survey submitted.Adnan Khan: Right.Pete Taylor: Then then I would if I got them on a call, I would then book them into like a either I'd triage them there and then and I qualify them. Then I'd book them into a call. Um and so look, I had like a few people that just no show to the call.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: Uh and then I had some people that I offer to cutHassaan Ahmad: Pete, sorry.Pete Taylor: not ah f******Hassaan Ahmad: We're just seeing the conversations mailbox. Is that what you'rePete Taylor: show me the wrong one, mate.  
00:35:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: showing?Pete Taylor: Sorry, that's me scan along. I'm glad you said that.Adnan Khan: f***.Pete Taylor: Is that it?Adnan Khan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: I see a kind of board.Pete Taylor: You can see board. Great. f****** hell.Adnan Khan: Yeah,Pete Taylor: Yeah. Look, new leads, right? These guys never answered. These guys no answer.Adnan Khan: gotPete Taylor: Yeah. Booked them in for a call.Adnan Khan: it.Pete Taylor: These guys no showed. These guys I made offers to, right? These weren't particularly great leads though. They weren't particularly great leads. This guy bought this guy.Adnan Khan: Right.Pete Taylor: I f****** love him. If one he like he paid me that and he's now and he's now doing a continuation with me for a year. Um he's f******Adnan Khan: ThisPete Taylor: phenomenal client. He's one of he's like perfect client. Um, so I'd build a proing client profile around him. Um, so the the LinkedIn ads, although they were a little bit painful, I didn't run them for you'll be able to see like how long I ran them for.  
00:36:34
 Pete Taylor: Like I ran them for like a couple of weeks. I turned them off and then I put them back on again, I think. Um, so I did actually get it took it probably took about 45 days for me to close Tristan because he agreed and then took weeks to pay. But I did actually get an ROI from it.Adnan Khan: GoPete Taylor: I don't I don't know. I deal you might be able to see how much I spent.Adnan Khan: ahead.Pete Taylor: I don't know how much I spent in total, but I did get an ROI from that. So, the LinkedIn ads actually did work,Adnan Khan: Mhm.Pete Taylor: but I don't know whether I'd want to do the whole essential cold calling thingAdnan Khan: What would you want to do? Would you Are you okay with like calendar bookings direct on your calendar?Pete Taylor: again.Adnan Khan: Like on our side, we will do the quality matching. Like we have funnels and flows that'll figure that out. Like you will ideally get a better show up rate than like 20 people not attending.  
00:37:25
 Adnan Khan: So, but would you just want people to book yourPete Taylor: That would be great.Adnan Khan: calendar?Pete Taylor: You know, if we can get it working where people book my calendar,Adnan Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: that that that would be great.Adnan Khan: And how would you structure the discovery calls?Pete Taylor: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Would it be like 15 minutes, 20 minutes, an hour?Pete Taylor: I I'm open for discussion.Adnan Khan: LikePete Taylor: Like the way that I've always done it um is I'd do you know a 15minute essentially triage call when we're going to qualify and see that they're right and and then ifAdnan Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: they are right then I would book them on to a 60inut discovery discovery call where IAdnan Khan: Right.Pete Taylor: take them through a sales framework.Adnan Khan: So, okay. Yeah, I think here's what we can do.Hassaan Ahmad: One question before that,Adnan Khan: AndHassaan Ahmad: Pete. Would you yourself do the 15minute call or is that going to be someone else in yourAdnan Khan: theHassaan Ahmad: team?  
00:38:14
 Pete Taylor: Um, I've always done it myself.Adnan Khan: questionPete Taylor: Um, I however I do have an assistant car and um, she's super open to doing just a anything really. So it might it may be at some stage that I can have her make phone calls and actually I could train her to triage.Hassaan Ahmad: I would recommend against that. Um because so let's break it into two parts. The way the flow would work and Adan can talk more about that is or the way we typically do it. You get an email capture. The person writes their email. We capture that. They go to the calendar booking page and they book in some time. Now there's often well there's a proportion of people who would enter the email but not book a call for one reason or the other. Those people I think should be contacted by your assistant just to kind of get them to book a 15-minute call with you. But anybody who ends up booking the call with you, you should be the first person that they speak to because these are going to be CEOs, right?  
00:39:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: They're not going to be very open to talking about their masculinity and their problems and stuff with one.Pete Taylor: Yeah, I'm fine. I'm fine with doing the triage calls. Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.Hassaan Ahmad: So, let's do that.Pete Taylor: I've always done it that way.Adnan Khan: Okay, then I think I think you goAdeel Khan: I I have another question. This triage call is just basically a questionnaire, right? Like just filtering out there.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Adeel Khan: We could we could also test it out but have the email form fill first then have the questionnaire which basically eliminates that call and then you get directly booked them for a 60 minute call as well. It's an experiment.Pete Taylor: Yeah,Adeel Khan: You might want to tryPete Taylor: I'm I'm open to I am open to testing that. I know what you're saying is like on the calendar booking form there's a few questions.Adeel Khan: Yeah, and we can even push that out as a lead magnet. Maybe uh you get the emails.  
00:40:23
 Pete Taylor: Yeah.Adeel Khan: So even if they don't complete, you still have the emails which you can nurture. So whoever fills out the form, you know, they're really high quality, worth the 60 minutes of yourPete Taylor: Yeah.Adeel Khan: time.Pete Taylor: Yeah. Yeah. I'm open to tryingAdeel Khan: Yeah,Pete Taylor: that.Adeel Khan: I'm g think about that. U test out different flows and see which one works.Adnan Khan: Okay,Adeel Khan: We'll see.Adnan Khan: I think sorry I missed the last 45 seconds.Adeel Khan: Oh, sorry.Adnan Khan: Uh, did youAdeel Khan: So, basically,Adnan Khan: sayAdeel Khan: uh, we could basically create a form that replaces the first initial call. So, email form field form and then 60 man book a call.Adnan Khan: I see Right. Okay. Um, so I think Pete the other thing going around to what Hassan said. So, so we we don't want to sell and Hassan, you can keep me on the honest on this like not just her, we actually want to sell you and because when people see you, they should see you when they come to the landing page.  
00:41:27
 Adnan Khan: So that's the magic Hassan will do with his experience of writing down the messaging, breaking down the story, and really getting people engaged. I actually think you have a lot of good video content. So figuring out how to get your personality, like people associating and building trust with you here is important because like if I want to open up about s***, I don't want to just go and fill out a form and not know who the dude is. And so the way we would do it is we wouldn't just run one ad. It would be a series of different ads that would build like empathy. Like we would try and hit the audience at least eight to 10 times because they're not going to just see one ad and be like, "Oh yeah, conversion." So that's where the longevity pays off. So someone usually we see with like offers which are slightly high ticket, you need about eight to 10 touches with the individual. And a touch could be anything from they see a video, they see a post, they go to the landing page and then we retarget.  
00:42:21
 Adnan Khan: Like it could it could be any of that fun stuff guys. I also think on the on the landing page. So like I'm just speaking openly. I think when I came in with Pete like first five minutes were awkward but then when we started talking by the 11th minute I started like developing trust towards him. So I wonder if we should also get like some sort of video on the landing page where Pete can himself talk about a lot of stuff. Pete, you might already have this content, but I think just you sitting in front of the camera just talking directly about all the things you stand for, like I think you had me at the 12th minute when you were talking about like, oh, these are the problems we have to go through, etc., etc. I think really having that and I think we can like frontload that at the top of the header. Uh and then obviously as people scroll they can see like the things you care about, what's the pricing structure. It like we would want to capture their email as soon as possible because then you can like reach out to them.  
00:43:13
 Adnan Khan: They can go in your email list. Um but then once they do capture the email then we'll put like a calendarly booking page in front of them and you will have to manage your calendar. Ideally we recommend like keep slots open for the next couple weeks, 15 minute slots each. That's sort of what the funnel would look like. um that and and a lot of that is going to be more LinkedIn focused,Pete Taylor: Mhm.Adnan Khan: but I know in the in the initial call we talked about meta ads. So guys, do we want to dive into that a little bit as well to see?Pete Taylor: I think like what I so I'm I you know I use Instagram and there was a while for I was trying to build my Instagram and then I was like you know what f***Adnan Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: it I just need to focus on one platform. So I just went over to LinkedIn. I still have Instagram and I just throw things on there every now and again.  
00:44:00
 Pete Taylor: My audience is on Instagram. So like I like and if we were to do anything and you know if you think differently please say it would just be to retarget guys on Instagram with some with something so they go oh Pete's over here. Maybe I'll follow his because then if they follow my profile they'll actually see my personal life a little bit and they'll see that I've got a Mrs.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: and they see that I got a kid and they'll see, you know, what I get up to and Yeah.Adnan Khan: Touch storyPete Taylor: Yeah.Adnan Khan: basically.Pete Taylor: I do like, you know, last night I went to cinema with the misses. I put it on my stories and I see like all my CEO clients, they all watch my stories and so I know that they they you know slightly buying they like the lifestyleAdnan Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: and they buy into me more. So, I would love if we could actually find a way to put a pixel on the pages that we're getting and then we we  
00:44:49
 Adnan Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: retAdnan Khan: So the way we usually do it is LinkedIn is known for like really good quality traffic whereas Instagram is like pretty crappy if you're not spending a good amount but the the more you start to spend the more the platform start to see conversions. We don't have that kind of budget to play with initially. So what we're going to do is we're going to put pixels for both LinkedIn meta. LinkedIn gets the top offunnel traffic. we retarget them on socials and what you will then see is like oh there's like this this flywheel spinningPete Taylor: Yeah.Adnan Khan: right um and so that flywheel is going to bring people to your Instagram page so obviously they'll see the videos figure out ways to connect with you better people are on Facebook they'll go to Facebook so but that would mostly be the retargeting chunk we're not going to do and keep me honest on this we're not going to do like top offunnel activityPete Taylor: Yeah,Adnan Khan: we might but most of that top of funnel activity will come from LinkedIn because that's where the quality is like top  
00:45:44
 Pete Taylor: IAdnan Khan: more expensive per click,Pete Taylor: agree.Adnan Khan: but I think it's worth it in terms of quality because you get a lot of flop on meta initially that we don'tPete Taylor: Yeah, I agree.Adnan Khan: want.Pete Taylor: Okay, we're on the sameAdnan Khan: Okay.Pete Taylor: page.Adnan Khan: And then I think usually what we do is we so we have your slack group set up whenever a lead comes in we just tend to send a notification into the slack so that way you know we know totally up to you. I know you have a CRM. Um, Assan, do you have any thoughts on this where we want to where where we actually want to feed some of that leads? Uh, I mean, initially it could just be manual. Pete could pick them up from Slack and and it's coming into his calendar as well and do itPete Taylor: Is is is there a way to integrate my CRM withAdnan Khan: himself.Pete Taylor: the leads that are coming in? Like because there must be we can use an API and because that would be great because I could have a separate pipeline for this and then we and then I can work that pipeline.  
00:46:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it should be should be a simple lift. We would need access to your CRM though,Pete Taylor: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: so just give us Okay.Pete Taylor: that's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: Um onAdnan Khan: Sorry, one last thing. One last thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Adnan Khan: Um, Pete, you have a lot of content everywhere. Do you maintain a central repository like photography, beautiful, photography, great videos, beautiful? if there is a way to get like on a Google Drive or something because what that would help is like we could just like bring a lot of that up front onto the landing page. So again amplifying that trust element we could use some of that on the creatives because like I said we want to sell Pete and then heroic man is like associated with Pete. That's sort of the way we would we would tacklePete Taylor: Yes, 100%.Adnan Khan: it.Pete Taylor: I like 100% because it really the CEO mastermind isn't heroic man. is Pete and and Heroic Man is now heroic man for me is now just is now really becoming my my brotherhood for passion project and you know the I I just put it's a private membership and I put guys in it and the experiences that I do with heroic mans just get access to  
00:48:02
 Adnan Khan: Right. Okay. Cuz I think based on that, Adil can decide like so usually he would do like a lot of TL thought leadership posts like to get get into the right audience and and again bombard them over and over with different things. So he can obviously figure out what he wants to use or not. I can figure out what we want to use on the landing page side or not. But as long as we know what we're working with, that would just yeah help.Pete Taylor: Yeah. And and and a deal on the ad account like historically like when I did ads before I I used Heroic Man. I I have very recently as in like a few weeks ago set up Pete Taylor as a like a company. And so it might be that we we use Pete I I think probably we do we use Pete Taylor as the ad account rather than Heroic Man as the company.Adeel Khan: So we have these new type of ads called thought leadership which I'm probably leaning towards using.  
00:48:48
 Pete Taylor: Right.Adeel Khan: So we'll basically boost your profile but it'll be like promoted by heroic man or promoted by beaters. We could do heroic man best of both worlds if that if that makes sense. But that's what I'mPete Taylor: I think I think not I I think not heroic,Adeel Khan: thinking.Pete Taylor: man. I don't think I think Pete Taylor. It's like Yeah.Adeel Khan: All right, cool.Pete Taylor: Yeah. because a lot a lot of CEOs just don't, you know,Adeel Khan: Cool.Pete Taylor: resonate with even the name Awakened Man, heroic man. It's it can sometimes be a bit what the f***** that until they, you know, it's like like at at like you said, you took you 12 minutes to go,Adeel Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: oh, okay, this is this makes a little bit sense. When someone see when then someone sees a name, it's like don't know about that, you know? So, but when it's a personal brand, personal brand, we know they get bigger followers than company brands. So,  
00:49:42
 Adeel Khan: Yeah,Adnan Khan: Right.Adeel Khan: the the way for you guys also is is personal brand.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Sorry.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Said you want to get in front of more people yourselves as a brand. That's probably the rightPete Taylor: So,Adnan Khan: place.Pete Taylor: I've got a I've got a Google Drive with a lot of content in. Um, so I it just let me know who and where to give access to and I can then I can give access to the Google Drive, but it's got like it's got photos and it's gotHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Pete Taylor: videos.Hassaan Ahmad: videos that it has.Adnan Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Are they the final versions that you put on the platforms or are they the what pre-production videos asPete Taylor: Um yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: well?Pete Taylor: most of the time they are the final versions.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Would you have the pre-production too?Pete Taylor: Yeah, they should be on there too.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, good. That would be helpful.Pete Taylor: Yeah.  
00:50:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: And then Pete, do you record your calls, the discovery calls specifically?Pete Taylor: Yeah. I record them using Fathom.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. It would be helpful for us to have the transcripts as well because what we would do is mine two things.Pete Taylor: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: One, how you talk. So what we produce is very very close to what you would say anyway. And number two, we would mine the we call it tribal knowledge or tribal words. It's how people talk about theirPete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: problems.Pete Taylor: Okay. So, do you want because I I've I've probably got a bunch of like good sales calls from like probably the ideal clients really.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Pete Taylor: Do you want those?Hassaan Ahmad: the more the better.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The more the better. Yeah.Pete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, do that. Um, content transcripts, add us to the Pete Taylor ad account that you have created on LinkedIn. Yeah.Pete Taylor: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: And then on meta,  
00:51:29
 Adnan Khan: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: you have added me as I think a basic user or whatever basic access. give me full access. So one tier below billing have the team and then that would allow us to create the ad account get the pixelPete Taylor: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: in and so forth. So we wouldAdnan Khan: Oh, we haven't run that ad yet. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: takeAdnan Khan: Okay. And I noticed the ad account was missing. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. So we're coming up to the hour.Adnan Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I think we have some really good content that you have shared with us. One thing that I would like you to do is the first kind of five to six, seven minutes of you in this call when you were giving us the context and talking taking us through your story. I wish I recorded it. We didn't. So sit where you are, put a camera in front of you and just talk to the camera. Just say the whole thing again.  
00:52:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: You would have everything that you said in your in your notes in the transcript. So read that that story alone is going to be wonderful.Adnan Khan: That's for anyHassaan Ahmad: I think that's something that we could and that's you talking to peopleAdnan Khan: page.Hassaan Ahmad: about where you started what you did how you achieved external success but weren't happy what you pivoted to what you're doing now. Like that entire that entire monologue that you did that was amazing man. That is what we want on the website and that would bring people in. Get them to resonate with you and drive some real quality conversations that you have laterPete Taylor: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: on.Pete Taylor: Okay. Great. Yeah, I can I can do that. Yeah, I've got the Fathom recording anyway,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Pete Taylor: so I can do that.Hassaan Ahmad: man. I wish I recorded it because literally this was perfect. Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, good. So, what we're going to do uh before I get into that,  
00:53:12
 Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Adil Adan, anything to add? Any any questions that we haven't asked?Adnan Khan: Yeah, I believe you goAdeel Khan: Yeah, I have I have two questions. Number one, the client base you have,Adnan Khan: first.Adeel Khan: are they like comfortable like writing a post about your LinkedIn for example?Pete Taylor: Yeah.Adeel Khan: All right, cool. That could be a good option for the ad itself. Uh, number two, do you have you ever previously used like lead magnets of any sorts like free framework or something like that?Pete Taylor: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Any success with that?Pete Taylor: Um, so I've recently set up um like an audit. Hassan, I think you you did the audit. It's so it's a it's a CEO audit.Adeel Khan: Okay.Pete Taylor: It's on my website um on Pete Taylor's website. Um that does work. I've only set up and I it hasn't been promoted at all.Adeel Khan: Mhm.Pete Taylor: It's only if someone lands on the site. So the essentially like a 20 question quiz and it gives them it you know audits audits who they are as a CEO.  
00:54:17
 Pete Taylor: Um what else? I a while ago I did a master class on the six prisons of the mind. Um and that did also get some signups to that. And I the other thing that I have that is live I think it might be on my website is a um a chaos to calm email course which you sign it's like it's it's how to essentially regulate your nervous system as a CEO when when you're amongst the chaos and it's a three day email course so they get an email every day with some instructions on things to do but it's also helping them buy into me. It's like, hey, my clients went through this and and then at the end it talks about um doing a CEO day with me.Adeel Khan: All right,Pete Taylor: So,Adeel Khan: sounds good.Pete Taylor: they're they're my like lead magnets that I IAdeel Khan: All right, I'll I'll check them out.Pete Taylor: haveAdeel Khan: Possibility of using those as well. Um, but yeah, but for for the client base, probably like pick out your top five,  
00:55:27
 Adnan Khan: What isAdeel Khan: six clients. More the marrier, obviously. But what we what I'm thinking is number one, a we're also boosting you,Adnan Khan: this?Adeel Khan: but we could also boost their post. So that list basically sees Pete Taylor by Pete Taylor,Pete Taylor: HowAdeel Khan: but also with other people mentioning Pete Taylor. So it does 10xes yourPete Taylor: would I?Adeel Khan: credibility.Pete Taylor: So with with the like the client doing like a LinkedIn likeAdeel Khan: So they'll post and we'll basically get their permission and boost it to the list we're already targetingPete Taylor: well one of my clients Trist the Tristan that guy I told you about I f******Adeel Khan: essentially.Pete Taylor: love he actually did a post last week.Adeel Khan: Okay,Pete Taylor: Um yeah and he yeah Tristan White um you know he heAdeel Khan: I can check that out.Pete Taylor: tagged me in it. Um, so it did get me like I saw my profile views going up and followers going up off the back of him just doing that little post.  
00:56:17
 Adnan Khan: So,Pete Taylor: Um,Adnan Khan: I I can read into a little bit of Adil's mind and tell you that he's basically sniffing for posts that are already performing. Well, because usually what we see is if we can build a campaign back of those posts,Adeel Khan: Damn.Adnan Khan: they tend to resonate better because the messaging and the way it's landing with people is already solid. So that already reduces a bunch of risk up front rather than us launching somethingPete Taylor: Yeah,Adnan Khan: cold.Pete Taylor: gotcha. Okay.Adnan Khan: Um so um Pete, do you have a website heroic man?Pete Taylor: I have heroic man.com and I have peteAdnan Khan: Yeah.Pete Taylor: taylor.co.uk.Adnan Khan: And both of them I assume you're using they're they're like your regular business operations running through those. Okay. So I think would set up a landing page would probably get get a subdomain from you on heroic man. It could be anything.Hassaan Ahmad: Now let's do ptaylor.co.uk.Adnan Khan: Oh yeah. Sorry. Well okay fine.  
00:57:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: Pete, where would you want it toPete Taylor: probablyHassaan Ahmad: be?Adnan Khan: Okay.Pete Taylor: Taylor.Hassaan Ahmad: Why were you leaningAdnan Khan: So the the brand then it's just Pete.Hassaan Ahmad: towards?Adnan Khan: We're just sending Pete. We're not even talking about Roy. We're just talking about the bones of that offer. I guess.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Um, think we are clear. If we're not, we'll slack you. Um,Pete Taylor: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: are you on Slack? Is that the primary?Pete Taylor: that works. That works for me. Yeah, with pings up. Yeah, it works.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we'll slack you um as soon as we have the things that we've asked for.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, access to the content folder, access to the ad accounts, access to the transcripts, and any posts that anybody has done that you quite like. We will get to work.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If you can share Tristan White, like what makes Tristan White really spe special, that would be helpful.  
00:58:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: You know, we would use that to your ICP. But I think we're pretty clear on what that needs to be.Pete Taylor: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so we' use that for the ICP. Given that you already have posts like already, I think the lift required from us to get the first thing live is quick.Pete Taylor: Wow.Hassaan Ahmad: We're looking at about 3 to 5 days for us to really kind of do our homework, select well build a strategy, make sure that you know that would work and so forth. But within 5 days, you should expect to that the first piece of content is going to go really live. We'll start off with a thought leader. We'll get that going while in the background. We'll build that landing page. We'll build the assets and so forth. About two weeks time, we should have all of that set up and ready to go. In terms of expectation speed, um we find that the first week, sometimes two, let's make it two of running campaigns, the algorithm needs to learn what works, right?  
00:59:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Got to train the insight tag,Pete Taylor: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: you've got to train the algo, and because it's going to be a new ad account, it just doesn't have any data. So, just keep that in mind that the first two weeks, you're probably going to get nothing. After the first two weeks, it starts ramping up, but then the more conversions that happen, the smarter the tags get. So they then know, okay, this is the kind of person I've got to go and target and then they start doing that. So it snowballs from that point on. We would obviously do everything that we can and you have really solid foundations to compress that time, but you should that's the expectation you should have.Pete Taylor: Okay, let's go.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: The other thing um I will also caveat is and and you'll keep me honest on this. I don't think we run meta ads the first month. The reason for doing that is it's an empty pixel. So we would put the pixel in,Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Adnan Khan: we would train it on LinkedIn data for whatever a month, six weeks, and then we retarget because there's nothing to retarget rightPete Taylor: Gotcha.Adnan Khan: now.Pete Taylor: Makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. So, Pete, what we're going to do is we're going to take everything that we've learned away, right? We'll populate that strategy doc. So, we'll work on that. That's going to be our working document for for you. In the meantime, send across the the resources to us. We'll get amazing, right? Well, we're excited to get this on the road with you, mate. Cheers.  
Transcription ended after 01:01:09

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
