---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Steve – 2026/03/30 11:59 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-30T12:14:30.508Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-30T11:30:19.977Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Steve - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Steve, good morning.Steve Cox: Hi.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, good afternoon.Steve Cox: How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm very well.Steve Cox: I'm good, thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Steve Cox: Yes. Um, yeah, very good. Sorry, I'm going to leave my camera off. I'm not feeling very well today. Um, yeah, but anyway. Yeah. Hey. Yes. I I genuinely I can't remember what this call is about. It's very unlike me to do this, but apologies.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um, no worries. Well, firstly, I hope that you feel better. If it's better for you, we can always rescheduSteve Cox: Okay, cool. Let's just see.Hassaan Ahmad: this.Steve Cox: Just give me a reminder about what why we're here first. That would be good.Hassaan Ahmad: Honestly,Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I was wondering the same thing. So, you booked this call with us, I think, over the weekend. So, I mean, you and I do pretty much similar things.  
00:05:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: We're a GTM infrastructure firm. You guys do a lot of performance marketing. So, there's a fair bit of overlap between what we do. So, I was generally curious,Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, if uh you know, this is one of the more interesting calls I have on my calendar today and if there was something that prompted you to book thatSteve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: call.Steve Cox: I Was it this weekend that I booked it?Hassaan Ahmad: It was.Steve Cox: Was it? Let's have a look. Just remind me what you guysHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Steve Cox: do. Do you know what? I I've got a feeling I might have done this by mistake. You know, I'm really just hugely apologetic. We've replaced Founder Instinct with validated market signal. Okay. So, Oh, that's right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. You're a SAS You're a lead generation firm for SAS businesses,  
00:06:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: for lack of better words.Steve Cox: right? That's right.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Steve Cox: Yeah, I did. Look, do you know what? I really just like your ads and your creative and I wondered if you do um if you do anything for agencies or if you just work for SAS businesses because if it's just SAS businesses then it's probably not a good fit but if it if it's if it's other businesses then I'd be interested to find out about it. Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: um for yourself or for any of your clients.Steve Cox: forHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um yeah,Steve Cox: ourselves.Hassaan Ahmad: we so my portfolio currently has a couple of coaches and well, they're not agencies, but I'm an agency, so I'm doing that for myself. Proofs of um tell me about where you are and uh you know,Steve Cox: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: what is it that you're trying to fix and then I can tell you if that's something that I can help with.Steve Cox: sure. We've we've always had um we we we we've got a content person, we've got a sales and marketing person, we've got a head of growth.  
00:07:14
 Steve Cox: What we've never really done particularly well is to create like a pipeline of leads into the business. Okay. I get emails all the time by crappy lead generators who say, "We'll take it on. We'll manage your LinkedIn. We'll do this. We'll do that. We've tried one or two of them very briefly. the process has been really frustrating.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Steve Cox: We've had kind of quality issues. We've had um just really just people not really understanding it. We haven't had many leads generated, but I mean we've got an amazing portfolio of clients. We do some really great work. We've got a piece of work at the moment which is um I think probably quite well suited to this which is uh which is we do a um LLM inclusion geo search piece of work. So we work for some of the biggest companies in the world. We work for Apple doing this. You know we do some really cool stuff. Um, and yeah, I I I guess what I'm really interested to know is is there is there possibility to actually run this to get somebody to do if we were to give you loads of cool content and some targeting, could you generate, you know, uh, meetings for us on a or even inquiries or whatever it is and how might that look?  
00:08:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely. I mean, like I said, this is what we do for us. So, you being in on this call is proof of that. And definitely. Yeah. So, we could do the targeting. We could um the way our system works, Steve, is we we take everything that you give us, but we would always start with our own research on whether what you've told us makes sense. Is that the right play for you or not? Um we'd obviously work with you throughout the process and make sure that you know we're not doing anything in isolation. And obviously you being the work that you do, you would have bunch of really good insights that would help shape that. So we would set up the we would start off with the ICP targeting piece. We'd figure out what that looks like for you. If you and I are aligned on that is where the opportunity lies. Then we can go and we can run the whole system for you. Um what it Yeah.  
00:09:34
 Steve Cox: Okay. Yeah. Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I mean what it looks like after that is logistics which you're very very familiar with. So you know running the entire campaign and doing whatever needs to be done to make that happen. Um your specific situation obviously we need to dig deeper into that and see you know what are some of the channels that we can activate. What is the what is the best way for us to get the highest quality stuff for you? Um quality is something that I hold myself really accountable to. I'm on this call because I only speak with CEOs and CXOs. Yeah. U and that's why I hold myself accountable to if I run this for you or any of my clients. That's who we would target and that's who would like to bring in. Um anyone else, we call them C minus two. So two levels below C. It's not worth your time, not worth my time and not worth spending money on. So that's what we do.  
00:10:29
 Steve Cox: Yeah. Okay, cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Does that helpSteve Cox: Yeah. I mean, yeah. So,Hassaan Ahmad: orSteve Cox: I suppose it'd be interesting just to hear a little bit about the process just Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. What? WhatSteve Cox: how it goes about. I mean, what what do you do? How does it build?Hassaan Ahmad: part?Steve Cox: All that kind of stuff. Yeah. That that's the main bit I'd like to find out about. Yeah. you know, yeah, the process in terms of, you know, what what's your secret source that gets you the meetings and the appointments or, you know, what is it that you do? Um, and then a bit about how you charge forHassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Um how we charge for it is uh retainer.Steve Cox: it.Hassaan Ahmad: So you pay us the you know whatever the fee is and you we will agree on what the ad spend needs to be that is due toSteve Cox: Yeah.  
00:11:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: you. um hard to say right now on where we would go and target the clients. But you know if you are looking for leads for yourself and your business then more likely than not it is going to be the likes of LinkedIn or Google rather than um Meta because of quality issues. Now, in terms of the process, Steve, you know, you've got to um just be a bit conscientious in there that, you know, I'm slightly hesitant to share that with you in a lot of detail without, you know, a scope of work or something like that simply because, you know, you have the capability. You could go in and you could run the whole thing yourself.Steve Cox: Fair enough. Yeah. Okay. Fair enough.Hassaan Ahmad: Which begs the question,Steve Cox: Yeah. No worries. I mean Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: which begs the question, why? So,Steve Cox: It's an interesting point.Hassaan Ahmad: if you've WhySteve Cox: I guess what you're saying there. I mean,  
00:12:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: haven't youSteve Cox: like I I don't I think it's because I just don't think my business will ever get round toHassaan Ahmad: run?Steve Cox: it is the is is the honest point.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Steve Cox: It's like we have a paid media team. Um we have a uh affiliate team.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Steve Cox: I mean and we do get this question asked to us quite a lot which is do you do paid ads yourself when we don't do paid ads ourselves. I we haven't really we haven't really got a good answer to this.Hassaan Ahmad: How come?Steve Cox: I mean you can check. We've never run you I I don't know if you've got ways of checking but we've never ever run a Google Ads campaign ourselves and we've never ever run a uh a LinkedIn or a Meta campaign for ourselves. So, I mean, yes, this is an interesting question. The problem is that my guys work long hours, work hard, and work for our clients all the time. And we have ne I've never managed to make this a priority for us.  
00:12:59
 Steve Cox: So,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Steve Cox: I guess that would be what would appeal to me. We do do B2B lead genen.Hassaan Ahmad: Got.Steve Cox: We do we do do this for um Vodafone. We do it for a company called Biffer Bins. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Steve Cox: but the majority of our work is BTOC. Um, and I guess what I'm sort of interested in with you guys is like, yeah, I I think I just liked your process. I like the way you I like I like your user journey. I liked all of that stuff. So, we would have to develop all of that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Steve Cox: So,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Steve Cox: I think someone if we could just if the price was right and we could plug it in and get going pretty quickly, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Steve Cox: that's that's what I guess what appeals to me.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Talk to me about that then. What when you say the price is right. Um there's two components to that like you mentioned.  
00:13:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: One is the retainer piece which you know puts online and I can talk to you about what that is.Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The more important thing is what are you spend on the budget on the mediaSteve Cox: Yeah. Fair enough. What I mean, what I mean, what do you I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: spend?Steve Cox: again, look, I'm sorry. I really don't want this to be some cat and mouse thing, right? I I'd like to know what you think I need to spend with to to to run a proof ofHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Steve Cox: concept. That would be a better way of doing it to go. If I go if I give you some information first though, our target market is anybody who is spendingHassaan Ahmad: go for it.Steve Cox: um 15 to20,000 a month on ad spend. Our fees are about minimum of about 2 to 3k minimum. Um but if the advertiser isn't spending 10 to 15k adHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Steve Cox: spend, then there's no point.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:14:37
 Steve Cox: they there's just there's no you know they can't justify the fees you know we need someone with a bit of appetite really it's about it's about I would sayHassaan Ahmad: And is that B2C predominantly? If we wereSteve Cox: strangely revenue-wise it's probably more like 6040 but actual volume of clients wise it's moreHassaan Ahmad: toSteve Cox: like 8020 B TOC to B2B because we've got obviously we work with Vodafod and that's a really highHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. AndSteve Cox: high re number forHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Um, if you were to do this as a proof of concept, would you want us to target B2B or B2C for you?Steve Cox: Both. Both.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And who who's your best? So, if I were to get our title or an ICB for you that you would have near certainty of closing, what would that look like? What's your ICP?Steve Cox: Uh it would be a um uh it's really difficult question for us. Um I would say in like uh I honestly don't know.  
00:15:47
 Steve Cox: It's really really hard question for us. We've got such a wide range of clients. Um I would say e-commerce businesses for for paid media. I would say paid media and affiliate.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Steve Cox: I would say e-commerce businesses with a minimum of 100,000 site visits a month spending 20 to 30k on paid media in uh like women's like fashion, jewelry, beauty, that sort of thing. We're really strong on. We're also really strong on um finance lead genen. And another one that's really quite good for us is um Yeah, I would say that would be good. Yeah. And then just lead genen businesses. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. I'm obviously going to do some back of the envelope work here.Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You know, obviously we need to think about that a bit more,Steve Cox: Oh.Hassaan Ahmad: but for the quality that we target and the seniority that we target on LinkedIn,Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: so the truth in our industry is there's a lot of people who claim to do what we do, right?  
00:17:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: There's lots of your competitors, there's lots of mine, everybody's saying the same thing. On surface, everybody looks the same. Yeah. So the challenge is standing out enough that people are interested. You've got a really good profile. So that's good credibility signal. We can leverage that. Um but beyond that you've got content, you've got case studies,Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you've got all of that which are all the things that give you the credibility that one would look for prior to booking that meeting. That tells me that, you know, you would be looking at a a cost per lead slightly on the lower end rather than on the higher end. Yeah, it's the challenge is getting in front of the right people where I've done this in the past. Um, and depending on how we do it,Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I would target maybe 250 to 300 for a seale meeting.Steve Cox: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um, just the UK for now.  
00:17:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: If you were to limit it, we could see if you go after a different market and so forth.Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If that is the cost per lead, then you have to make a decision on what a good pilot looks like. So, is it 10 meetings? Is it five? Is it something like that? And that would determine what the media spend needs to be. As a rule of thumb, I always recommend that start with three grand as per Yeah.Steve Cox: a month. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And then um on top of that,Steve Cox: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: two grand is going to be our fee. So, five grand all in. um run it for 3 months. If you've never ran it before, you already know that you've got to train the algos and so forth. So, one month is going to go to I mean it's going to go LinkedIn's going to pocket that one way or the other. Um so, pilot you're looking at between 12 and 15 three month and you should have a very very  
00:18:43
 Steve Cox: 12 or 15k. Yeah. And that's in and that's media spend.Hassaan Ahmad: very sol that's including theSteve Cox: Is that without your retainer or including? Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: retainer. That's yeah.Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So 15K 3 months and at the end of 3 months you would basically have the information that you need to see if you want to run this orSteve Cox: Okay. And and and what do you what do you think that first three months is going to look like in terms ofHassaan Ahmad: not.Steve Cox: lead volume? Like what do you think is it going to be like first month none, second month a few, third month? We're looking like we've got an idea of what the campaign looks like now.Hassaan Ahmad: So depending on the quality of the stuff that you give me,Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we should be able to go live within the month. Yeah. Sooner, which means that first month you would probably see again, you're in the same business.Steve Cox: Yeah.  
00:19:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: You don't want to make promises so forth.Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, two to three a week. Yeah. is what we're seeing across the board with some of our clients and including ourselves.Steve Cox: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh obviously things are going to play into this. So you know if there's spring holidays, school holidays, etc., etc. There's seasonality we're going to need to factor in.Steve Cox: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: The second and third month when we're running at full full sprint, that is when you should start seeing a proportionate amount. So if you're spending three grand, you should be looking at two to three a week about you know 10ish a month.Steve Cox: Okay. Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. How does thatSteve Cox: Yeah. I mean, yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: sound?Steve Cox: you know, it's just a case of like So, and what's your roughly? What is your retainer?Hassaan Ahmad: TooSteve Cox: Okay, cool. So,Hassaan Ahmad: great.Steve Cox: 15 a month is So, five grand a month is basically three grand on ads, two grand retainer.  
00:20:29
 Steve Cox: Yeah. Okay. All right.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Steve Cox: Cool. Um, yeah, that's interesting, isn't it? Yeah, I must admit I think it was Sorry, at the weekend I do sometimes just sit there and look at stuff. So, apologies for my lack of um knowledge at the start of the call, but trying to remember where your ads are. I really did like your ads.Hassaan Ahmad: ClickSteve Cox: Yeah, that's right. Uh,Hassaan Ahmad: that.Steve Cox: okay, cool. I will take a look at that. But yeah, no. Okay, cool. All right. So what would you need from me then to in order and and what what does the next stage look like? I'm I'm aware that you know you I I get all your your reasoning as in what you could just do this yourself. So I I just tell me what you would need and I won't waste yourHassaan Ahmad: What I would need from you is look,Steve Cox: time.Hassaan Ahmad: you've seen what we do, right?  
00:21:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: If you need more proof from us, if you need to build some trust or whatever, then you have to tell me what would help you make that decision.Steve Cox: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: But if the budget works for you and if you're just keen on a pilot, then we'll just sign a scope of work and we can get to work really quickly. We'd start off with an onboarding call. would learn as much about your business as we can. Um, we would need every single asset that you can give us and that asset.Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, those assets would be your customer stories, your case studies and so forth. Anything that we can build the campaign around and you know elevate that proof. Um,Steve Cox: AllHassaan Ahmad: off the back of that onboarding call,Steve Cox: right.Hassaan Ahmad: we would make a call on what are some of the channels that we want to activate and how we want to go to market with this. Yeah, we present that strategy back to you. Um it would involve running a paid campaign one way or the other but what we activate and what assets we do um that would be off the back of us deeply understanding your business.  
00:22:15
 Steve Cox: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that stuff should take about five to six working days maybe seven depending on how much you give usSteve Cox: cool.Hassaan Ahmad: and you know what we have to what we have ongoing at that time. Um campaign live in about 10 days probably less and after that we look at the data together.Steve Cox: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: Um,Steve Cox: cool. All right, great. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: good.Steve Cox: and can you give me some examples of some people that you've worked with before? That would be really good. I mean, obviously you've got no agencies. I get that. But anybody that's um, and again, you can anonymize it or whatever. I understand the situation. So, if you could give me any sort of ideas of any normally, I'd definitely ask for some sort of case study, but I get that's going to be tricky for you. Uh,Hassaan Ahmad: Look, um, I can give you an example right now. So,Steve Cox: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm working with a guy called Pete, uh, Pete Taylor.  
00:23:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: He's a lifestyle coach. And I'm giving you that example because it was the first time I started running this guy's campaign. And what he's running is a CEO mastermind. So, he's only targeting CEOs. He doesn't want anyone below that. Um, only UK. and he has a very very very specific ICP which I'm not going to go into but CEOs so just CEOs no one below not even C minus one um in theSteve Cox: jump.Hassaan Ahmad: UK and we got him live in six days um he's getting let me see two yesterday so he's getting like five a week but this guy's a really strong profile I think yours is probably going to match that if you lean into it hard. $60 cost per lead.Steve Cox: And that's all LinkedIn or LinkedIn and Meta.Hassaan Ahmad: It's all LinkedIn for now.Steve Cox: Okay, cool. All right. What just as a guideline,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Steve Cox: what what CPC do you think I we would be expecting in my head for LinkedIn?  
00:24:12
 Steve Cox: I've got like N. Is that about right?Hassaan Ahmad: uh for you again before I set up a campaign.Steve Cox: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: I can't tell it's probably going to be more expensive for you because again it's a very very very crowded market. So probably 10 between 10 and 15 but it also depends on who you're targetingSteve Cox: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: right so a lot of people in our space target head of marketing and stuff like that which in a large B2B is probably okay but you probably want to go higher so you're probably lookingSteve Cox: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: at a higher CPC we've got ways of bringing that down through you know what we do but I would say between 12 and 15 is a sweet spot for Um,Steve Cox: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: CP Yeah,Steve Cox: cool.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean CPL we've already talkedSteve Cox: Cool. All right. Amazing. Look, I really appreciate your time and again,Hassaan Ahmad: about.Steve Cox: sorry for my lack of um memory at the beginning of the call. It was a busy weekend, lots of family stuff.  
00:25:17
 Steve Cox: So, uh yeah, I don't know. I I I honestly can't even remember where I found the time to do this. I think it must have been in the queue for a bakery or something. I I don't know. But yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: No worries. So Steve, now that you know what we do and you know obviously you're going to want to do your research,Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: what does the next step look like forSteve Cox: I am going to I'm going to remind refresh remind myself of your user journey.Hassaan Ahmad: you?Steve Cox: If you could send me a link one of your ads, that would be amazing. If you could send me a link to remind me of the journey that I went through, that would be really handy. Um, and then uh Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Uhhuh.Steve Cox: And then I'll I'll I'll work it out. I'll just I'll go and run the numbers. Yeah. Basically.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, when you say go around the numbers,  
00:25:58
 Steve Cox: No,Hassaan Ahmad: what areSteve Cox: I'll go and run the numbers. I will go and look at when it might work,Hassaan Ahmad: you?Steve Cox: you know, timings, cash flow, all that kind of stuff, and just work out Yeah. how that mightHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Steve Cox: look.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, did you say your pipeline right now is all inbound? Like everything just comes inbound toSteve Cox: Uh, pretty much. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you.Steve Cox: We've got a couple of little um email tests that we've got running with some people like and when I say that we've got like a in the affiliate area, we've got a piece of kit which tells us exactly how many affiliates are a certain client's got compared to their competitors and what their gap is. So, we use that. But that's not I'm not sure that's live yet. But yours is all ads, isn't it? It's no outreach, is it?Hassaan Ahmad: comes in later.Steve Cox: Huh?  
00:26:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: It comes in later if you want to.Steve Cox: Yeah, the outreach stuff. Yeah. Okay, cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Steve Cox: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I mean, we we run aSteve Cox: at the moment our pipeline is really really sporadic.Hassaan Ahmad: fullSteve Cox: I mean, it's good. I've got a good network. I know a lot of people. We get opportunities all the time, but yeah, it is really sporadic.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right.Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Then have a think about it. you know, let's uh I would be keen to run a pilot with you because honestly,Steve Cox: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: full disclosure. I think there's stuff beyond this that we could do together. So, when I looked at it, I was like, "This guy would be cool to do a partnership with at some point,Steve Cox: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: you know." Yeah. So, if the pilot works, and you know,Steve Cox: cool.Hassaan Ahmad: obviously there's a bigger conversation to be had and so forth, but I understand where you're coming from.  
00:27:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: So my past I've worked with you know the likes of big four KPMGs and so forth where we would provide the same service as they were but they would want us comingSteve Cox: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: in because it's just cheaper your people are more expensive cost them more you want to put them on higher ROI stuff so you know it's aSteve Cox: Yeah. Yeah. Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: cheaperSteve Cox: And it's a bit like I use the analogy of um like a builder's front garden. A builder builds lovely houses for other people, but his own house is never finished. And that's kind of how it is. Like I took years to do our own website and all this kind of stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Steve Cox: We did it recently.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Steve Cox: I mean, don't get me wrong, we had a website, but we would update it about once every five years.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Steve Cox: It's like we're very much a like a word of mouth recommendation business. So, we haven't really had to do too much of that.  
00:28:08
 Steve Cox: ButHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Gotcha. All right. Look,Steve Cox: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: it makes sense. Um, should we get in another meeting maybe back end of actually middle ofSteve Cox: I'm This week is really tough. I'm on four days this week,Hassaan Ahmad: next?Steve Cox: four days next week. The week after I'm going on holiday um for a few days.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Steve Cox: But yeah, let let's put a note in to catch up. Uh, what day is it? Thursday. Thursday. Close Thursday. I I will if I will make a note to send you some info by close of play Thursday.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, this Thursday.Steve Cox: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Let's do this, Steve. If that works for you, let's put in 15 to 30 minutes.Steve Cox: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Let's have a around that.Steve Cox: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: By then, you would have run your numbers. You would have a view on whether you want to do something or not. If you do, great. We can talk about what that looks like. Otherwise, we just let it be.Steve Cox: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Steve Cox: All right. Brilliant.Hassaan Ahmad: When works for you, whatSteve Cox: Uh let's have a look. Thursday.Hassaan Ahmad: time?Steve Cox: Uh 2:00 is good.Hassaan Ahmad: I've already got something at two. I could do three if that works.Steve Cox: Three would be good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Or Perfect.Steve Cox: Let's do three. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll put that in. I'll send that to you.  
Transcription ended after 00:29:51

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
