---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Carrotcake x Remotir - 30 day plan – 2025/10/01 14:29 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:45.997Z
meeting_date: 2025-10-01T14:03:43.236Z
---


Carrotcake x Remotir - 30 day plan - Transcript
00:00:00
 Ross Kennedy: Good morning. Are you okay?Hassaan Ahmad: Hi Ross, how are you?Ross Kennedy: I'm doing great. How are you, my son?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well, thank you.Ross Kennedy: Excellent. Where are you based on?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm in London uh southeast so in Witch.Ross Kennedy: Oh, which part of London? Oh, okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Are you nice?Ross Kennedy: I lived in I lived in Pimlo for a little spell as well. So, it's kind of familiar familiar grounds for me, so to speak.Hassaan Ahmad: Where where were you?Ross Kennedy: Uh, I was in Pimlo, but I mean that was now a long long time ago.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, she come back.Ross Kennedy: Uh, I I loved it. It was an incredible time. Just not uh, you know, wasn't in the cards. I was working for Google at the time and they were moving me just about every six months. So, I lived, I think, four countries with them. So, oh god, Ireland, uh, Toronto, Texas, uh, and then previous to that was Hungary and California, Canada.  
00:01:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Where where else were you based upon?Ross Kennedy: Sort of all over the place. But very nice to meet you. And I see Adnan, you're here as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Hey, hey, hey, hey.Hassaan Ahmad: Morning Nicole.Adnan Khan: Nice to meet you.Ross Kennedy: Nice to meet you as well.Nicole Farley: Good morning, guys.Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Nicole Farley: I'm good.Hassaan Ahmad: Good to see you again.Nicole Farley: How are y'all doing?Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Nicole Farley: Good. Good. Well, I I was hoping to um just get Ross caught up to speed. I know we had talked in length the other day, but I think as of like yesterday or the day before, we kind of switched strategies just because of the position that we're currently in. So, I think the idea here is to kind of get Ross caught up a little bit and then maybe talk about the new direction if that's okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah. So, um what I've done is I've prepared like two slides just I think it's just better to align on the messaging there.  
00:02:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: But Ross, what I'm looking for over here today is one all of us to align on what problems we're trying to solve for and why we're doing it. The second thing is what's the strategy? So, how are we going to tackle that problem? and three. What does that look like? Right.Ross Kennedy: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: It would be good.Ross Kennedy: Do you mind if I ask just just real quickly, how long have you guys been around for?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh remote year.Ross Kennedy: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we're just completing our first year now. So, we started in Jenny.Ross Kennedy: Oh, that's kind of exciting.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Ross Kennedy: That's great.Hassaan Ahmad: It is. Yeah. So, Adan and I, we've known each other for well, a few years now. We've done quite a few ventures together and we just decided that you know it was we were wasting our talents doing things separately and focusing on things like kids toys when we could be doing something better. So as a background I've got 15 years in SAS B2B sales design do you want to  
00:03:20
 Adnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah. I I feel like Ross, I just came in and we never really got to do an intro. So, hi, I'm Ahad Nan. Uh, I've done product design for about 15 16 years. So most of my prior experience before so I'm currently like hands-on working in meta but prior to meta I did uh two sort I joined two startups both like did them five years each uh grew the business from like when it was like 15 12 people and then it became too big like 300 people and then I then I bolted and went to the next one did that whole thing again um and meta was basically my way of like okay I've done the startup thing I want to see how the big players do it and uh yeah it's been five years totally different ballgame so uh and primarily like me and Hassan we're like weRoss Kennedy: Yeah.Adnan Khan: look at things from like different opposing ends I look at it from the product side he looks at it from like the sales messaging side we have a third player who's not in this call who's who looks at it from like a media buying angle but yeah between between the three of us we look at it we look at like all three ends of how we can how we can get like founders bootstrapped so to speak  
00:04:25
 Adnan Khan: but that's like the tlddr Yeah.Ross Kennedy: Oh, that's great. I appreciate that background. Yeah, I I went to Google for sort of the same reason. I was with a series of startups, but really wanted to see when you start working in the billions and scale, now I find myself at Microsoft, which is kind of an interesting uh path.Adnan Khan: Yeah. I have so many questions.Ross Kennedy: Okay.Adnan Khan: We're probably out of scope for this call.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Ross Kennedy: Well, I'm h I'm happy to answer them, but it's uh yeah, know I I sympathize with where you came from. I think there's days that I pine to get back into the startup world.Nicole Farley: Well, I have an opportunity for you.Hassaan Ahmad: Why?Adnan Khan: Monday.Ross Kennedy: Look what I have for you. That's great.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Ross Kennedy: Well, this I'm grateful for the time. And there's maybe a little background, but I'm sure Nicole has probably shared some of this. The reason that we're a little slow to move or a little bit more conservative is I think now we've hired I think probably six different outside firms to do different and various things.  
00:05:21
 Ross Kennedy: And I would say overwhelmingly each of those experiences have been met with very variable uh results, you know.Hassaan Ahmad: No. I completely understand that Ross and thanks for you know for providing that context.Ross Kennedy: So, it's one of those things where I think we tread a little more cautiously these day than than we probably should.Hassaan Ahmad: So our whole thing is that you know we we've been where you are right. So we've launched we've relied on on subcontractors on third parties to do our thing. We have hired people in offshore locations to keep the cost low. And we have learned the hard way and you know by spending a fair bit of money you know with with a few zeros there what works and what doesn't right and that was one of the reasons why weRoss Kennedy: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: wanted to do it right because one of the things that we learned the hard way is that everybody can have an idea it's the execution that matters right and it in terms of execution now it's just getting harder and harder because I read the other day that you know SAS is now becoming disposable right what matters is how you're taking it to market, how good your execution is, and how quickly you're landing those first consumers.  
00:06:16
 Ross Kennedy: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think Sam Alman calls them fans of your product. You know, who are then going out and talking about your product.Ross Kennedy: Heat.Hassaan Ahmad: That is what you really need. And our experience has been in order to land those first customers, you have to speak their language, right? You have to articulate what you're trying to do in language that they care about because, and I mean this without any offense, nobody gives a crap about your product, right? Nobody cares how good your product is. It's about what it can do for them, right?Ross Kennedy: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And you know, through our combination of of skills, this is the problem we're trying to solve, right? It's helping founders articulate that better, right? in terms of the language that appeals directly and resonates directly to the buyer to the economic buyer for like lack of you know a sales term. I'm sure you're familiar with it person with a with a budget and it answers a few questions for them right off the bat.  
00:07:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: The first one is why do they have to change or why should they change right? The second is why should they change now? The third is why should they pick you for the change right? Why are you the right partner for them? And the fourth is social proof which you know to an extent can be you know cooked up but you know it comes with these conversations. You really have three to five seconds of anybody's attention to like uh three to five seconds of time to grab anybody's attention and you have to deliver those messages in that sequence to them so that they feel that you're credible enough for them to spend some time with you right and that's exactly what we you know we're hoping to do with carrot cake there right you built a great product obviously Nicole's invested quite a lot of time and expertise into it and that shows right But feel like the landing page is a bit of a let down, right? It doesn't articulate that message in that way to the consumer, right?  
00:08:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: And when you get into the product, there's some um some challenges with the information flow, with the way things are presented and so forth, right? Which don't really bring those to the forefront, right? And when you run the ad campaign, we feel that that is also misargeted, right?Ross Kennedy: Yeah. Ready?Hassaan Ahmad: So it's attracting the users in but initially you don't need the users you need the owner of the problem which is in your case either the owner of the agency or the owner of the business because what your product is doing for the user is giving them existential crisis that holy s*** AI has caught up that's so good that my job might be at risk right so you don't you want to steer clear with from them initially what you want is the owner who's looking at five to 10 or 20 different accounts it's got the P&L responsibility for who's responsible for the headcount for those accounts and who's looking for a way to improve user experience to retain customers better to provide insights quicker and do that at scale.  
00:09:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? That is our hypothesis, right? And this is what we we believe. This is where we believe you should be playing, right? And that's what that is. That's what we're going to do for you.Ross Kennedy: Yeah, it's, you know, the work you guys are doing is I don't know if Nicole is giving any background on what I do for Microsoft.Nicole Farley: little bit. MaybeRoss Kennedy: Yeah, I run I run the AI startup division. So, there's about 3,000 startups out of the millions that we've identified as being high potential. And so, our job is to wrap them in one of three services, right? access to capital in whatever form that takes. Either we make investments or we sort of buy them and have an equity play or we just give them credits. Second is access to a platform that allows them to differentiate and build. So early access to the road map, they get to see where we're building down the road. So that way they don't build something and we just steamroll them.  
00:10:10
 Ross Kennedy: As well as access to those precious GPUs that nobody can seem to get their hands on and engineering help so humans will actually clickity clack on keyboards to help them build what they're trying to build. And the last piece is go to market support. But the and what I mean by that is, you know, we have 59,000 sellers and 550,000 partners. We have 31 million contracts with corporate customers. We just try to find ways of pushing them in front of customers. But the one thing we don't offer, and it's the one part that I just drew up in a proposal that'll be going out to the leadership team here this week, is we don't really help them find product market fit in any way, shape, or form. And so if you look and this obviously stays on this call if you look at some of our largest commitments meaning customers these AI startups who've dedicated and said I will spend this gross amount of money with Microsoft over the next three years they're committing financially to us and yet they don't even have product market fit.  
00:11:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Ross Kennedy: We're talking billions in contract value that are signed up and they still don't have product market fit. In fact in two cases worth about $1.35 billion. They didn't even write a line of code before they made the commitment.Hassaan Ahmad: Wow.Ross Kennedy: Not a single line of code was written.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Ross Kennedy: Um I think the second piece though just sort of hearing what I'm hearing.Adnan Khan: Oh.Ross Kennedy: Um I think what we've kind of built with carrot cake and I don't want to sort of plant the seed is it feels like we've created an answer but now we're searching for the question. Like we've got this tool and now all of a sudden we're like well s*** which audience wants to buy this and so I think it's sort of the reverse way. Like normally you start with a question then you build the answer. I think we've kind of started with the answer and now we're trying to figure out who the hell would want to buy what we have.Nicole Farley: Well, I think that's kind of what Oh, sorry.  
00:11:51
 Ross Kennedy: And I think pleaseNicole Farley: I was going to say I think I mentioned this on the last call that we had the the first call. I I had an agency and I built this to solve an agency problem. But as the not No, sorry that was Bas. As an agency, I was building this because I saw that businesses couldn't really compete because they didn't have the 10, 20, $30,000 budget every month. So, I built this to sort of help businesses define that strategy without having to pay agencies thousands of dollars. I I built it so freelancers and in-house teams could still compete on that level because AI was kind of helping with the strategy. But then as the tool got more and more sophisticated, it sort of was like, "Oh s***, maybe this is an agency tool." Because agencies are going to know what these things mean. They're going to know how to execute. So now we're kind of in that weird spot where it's like this should be an agency tool, but like oh man, like when agencies get to a certain point or certain size, they're going to build their own solution.  
00:12:49
 Nicole Farley: I talked to one the other day that had an engineering team of 12 people. They're building their own. So, we're not going after those people, but like, you know, it's not necessarily a a business tool. I mean, it could be if they have that sophisticated marketing knowledge, but we're kind of we're kind of stuck in that middle section where it's like this is it an agency tool or is it a business tool or is it for freelancers or or you know, boutique agencies, things like that. So, that's kind of where we're a little bit stuck. I I had set out to build it for for one audience, but now it kind of evolved to another where, like Ross said, like, okay, now we have the solution, but now we're trying to figure out who's going to buy this thing. And getting feedback has been the the toughest part. As I told you guys the other day, we're just not really getting a lot of push back, a lot of feedback from the users that have signed up.  
00:13:35
 Nicole Farley: So now nobody's using it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, look, I think what you've described there is is a very classic problem, right? Because so you've got so much knowledge that you've tried to pull it all into the product, right? And that's now branched into two different things. to address your question about you know it's maybe not fit for the teams or the agencies with a 12 person engineering team probably is unless you're talking to the engineering team or the head of the engineering team right because what you're pitching there it's a build versus buy solution right so you you need to talk you need to elevate the conversation right in all cases to talk to the people who are either holding the budget or who owns the problem right if you're not talking to them you're talking to the builders or the doers you're not going to get the feedback and they will block you every single chance they get, right? Because that's their livelihood you're going after for lack of a better word, right? So, um, Ross, I I noticed you had a comment there.  
00:14:33
 Ross Kennedy: No, no comment.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Ross Kennedy: Just listen.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. So, yeah. So, so that's what it is, right? So, I think in every case is just elevate the conversation, right? Go after the sea level that gets you the signal the fastest, right? If you've got something that is important and interesting enough for the CFO or the CEO or the CMO, whoever is the economic buyer in this case, they will either take the call or they will point you in the right direction to somebody who wants to have that call or who should be having that call. Right? That's the first hurdle to pass. The second one is what you say in that meeting, right? How what you say in the product. That's the information flow. That's what your product is built. And you know there's there's things that you can do in your product to improve that depending on who you're having that conversation with. For a business the insights that you have today are great just need to be presented better.  
00:15:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: For agencies you have to think about the problem you're trying to solve right and maybe it is not about providing the insights. It's structuring them in a way that's easy to consume that they can then either white label and send to their clients as a reporting pack every week or something. So it streams reporting for them or it's a way for them to handle more volume, right? So if they have one media buyer doing five today or one media buy looking at two accounts today, maybe this frees them up to do one more. That's how you do it.Ross Kennedy: sort of a a way of leveraging, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. Right.Nicole Farley: We're giving them time.Ross Kennedy: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But we don't get we won't get to what you need to build before we start having those conversations. So yeah, let's uh let's get to you those conversations faster without you needing to do it manually.Ross Kennedy: Yeah.Adnan Khan: I think one thing I'll I'll quickly add uh as like an example. So like I'm I'm a builder at heart.  
00:16:23
 Adnan Khan: I like product design. It's like you you always start with the problem first and design the solution. I've done this more times than anyone. Designing the solution, figuring out the insights to plug it in because leadership wants to see something. Obviously that was a long time ago in my career. I think one example that I'll give you is and this was from like two or three weeks back where one of our other clients they're building they have a they have a solution that actually builds together like entity data of like different companies and they're trying to create like this thing where it's a fig jam for entity data because all that process is manual. Now the founder has immense knowledge, great builder, like amazing design aesthetic, the product is great. Now all this time they were going down the path of pitching this to legal and so they were like okay why isn't the legal side interested and so one of the things that we helped do for them is like okay the problem is real the people are real but it's like the buyer you don't know who the buyer is which is weird and so initially one of the things we did was we started with a campaign a basic LinkedIn campaign basic messaging we noticed we were targeting legal but it was the finance people who were getting the conversations into the CFOs were coming in, they were like, "Oh, this is actually a bigger risk for  
00:17:37
 Adnan Khan: us and it exposes a bunch of risks for us and so we would want to buy it and we will work with legal to sort of implement it." So, I think like for me as the builder in the room, it's always nuanced. Like I can see the problem, who it's being solved for, but like who actually buys it and implements it is like always a a thing that catches me by surprise. I'm sure Hassan's used to it.Ross Kennedy: I'm sure. Um, did you say you work at at medic currently?Adnan Khan: I do.Ross Kennedy: Yeah. Did you know Jay Periq while he was there?Adnan Khan: I did not know Jay Periq. No, I I know of him. I never met him though.Ross Kennedy: Yeah. I literally just landed maybe what Nicole three hours ago. two hours ago back from Singapore where I was with Jay. So just for I saw Jay Jay was the head of engineering for Meta for many years.Adnan Khan: Yeah, that guy.Ross Kennedy: Neat dude.  
00:18:31
 Adnan Khan: That guy.Ross Kennedy: Weird weird dude but neat dude. I guess to get to that level you kind of have to be weird anyway.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Adnan Khan: A lot of the a lot of the like senior IC's are uh are the weird ones.Ross Kennedy: Yeah, that's how it goes.Adnan Khan: In his case, he was the ant guy. Yeah.Ross Kennedy: Yeah, it's it's funny. So Nicole and I were talking about this. Nicole, keep me honest here. Like it sort of feels like we know what the pathway has to be. We we have to figure out what the hell the product market fit is because I do feel like we built some pretty cool functionality. I know we're going to have to completely re-engineer in some ways. Like it's clear that it's not hitting the mark exactly. And so we know that it's figuring out what is the gap to the audience that we want to get to quickly sprinting to build that. getting four or five really key anchor clients that we can use to reference and leverage and then raise the next round of capital beyond that.  
00:19:24
 Ross Kennedy: Um and then of course in parallel we also have to continue building out the leadership team on this because you know it's been sort of shoestringed up to this point but it it clearly needs a bit more um support.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's a chicken thing, right?Nicole Farley: That that's what that's what I was going to say. It feels like there's like one or two things in each category that we need to fix and then it'll all come together. And kind of off topic, but I did send had a call with the design team yesterday and I did send them that sheet and um sort of we left the call on the same page about how things need to be simplified um you know showing the actions first and then the supporting data afterwards blah blah blah.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicole Farley: You guys saw that um document. So, they're going to work on that and then I think yeah, I mean the right buyer is going to um sign up or or invest even if the product is duct taped together.  
00:20:20
 Nicole Farley: So, I'm not necessarily worried about that aspect, but there is sort of like a redesign kind of happening in in the background at the same time as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So look, let me quickly share my screen because I'm conscious of time as well and I have a hard stop.Nicole Farley: Sure.Ross Kennedy: True.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't know about anyone else. So look, these um Nicole from our conversation, these are the three problems we started to solve, right? Solving for poor conversion, solving for you to trying to do everything and holding everything together, right? And stopping the burn, spending six grand on ads, not seeing any ROI. So that was the initial brief that we started off with. Um Ross don't know how much of this you know but we went back three of us looked at the product we looked at it from a design messaging and targeting perspective identified a couple of issues right but this is a summary of it right as I mentioned think targeting could be better information architecture could be better my recommendation to Nicole was stop offering free trials it just attracts the wrong kind of person right elevate the conversation and stop advertising on matter right you need to be on LinkedIn with a decision Make us amazing.  
00:21:28
 Nicole Farley: And I did stop I did stop the ads. Sorry to cut you off. I did stop the ads. Um and I did remove the uh free trial button. If they register themselves, they could still get it, but it's not um advertised on the site anymore.Ross Kennedy: I feel Nicole. I feel like I've gotten more in the last 90 seconds than I did the entire time we had Chris, a very overpaid product leader.Nicole Farley: I know. I know that. Yeah. From GitHub. He works at GitHub. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll take that as a compliment. Um, okay.Ross Kennedy: Oh, just just because I mean like you said here, right? There's noise in the system. Probably don't advertise on meta because it's going to be tire kickers. stopped doing the free trial because if you look at their data, which isn't great because Amplitude doesn't necessarily collect very well. Um, the vast majority are Gmails, which fine, but the problem is I can't tell who you are.  
00:22:17
 Ross Kennedy: I don't know.Adnan Khan: That's right.Ross Kennedy: I get nothing out of it. It's just it's a blank space for me.Nicole Farley: Mhm.Ross Kennedy: And those few that were customers give me a lot more details like, "Oh, interesting. That's the type of company that's registering.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. Right. And then the other thing is because you're offering a free trial, we talked about the economics of it the other day. Your product is $29, right? It takes one minute to set up a new Gmail account. Why would I pay $29 when I can waste one minute of my time and get access for seven days? It's that simple. So, even if I like the product, there's just no incentive for me to spend money with you.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Ross Kennedy: Yeah, that's fair. Good.Hassaan Ahmad: So, Nicole, thank you for taking the advice. I hope that that is going to improve the quality of conversations that you have and hopefully reduce your stress a little bit.  
00:23:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, this is what we proposed to do, right? We said you need to validate your offer. Well, you said it. I just put it here. You need to validate your offer through manual efforts, right? And that manual effort is you start the conversation and that's what we'll help you with. But Nicole needs to be in each of those conversations because initially it's the founder that sells. It's your expertise and it's your passion that comes through and that is what will help you land those first five to 10 customers, right? they see an opportunity to work directly with you to influence the direction of the product and that's very attractive for the right kind of person. Number two is we'll help you with some design improvements to improve the user experience. Nicole, you've already taken a start at that. So that's great. What we do is you know we can we can look at your Figmas, we can look at some product and Appnam can use his product expertise to to provide some guidance on the decision sorry on the information architecture.  
00:23:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? So hopefully that will improve the experience that the users have and uh improve the conversion. As far as your um bandwidth is concerned, you've already done it. You've moved from a free trial to a qualified demo version. That's great. Our job now is to clarify, align, and elevate the messaging so that you're attracting the right person in. Right? So messaging that hits the four of the four pillars that I talked about, right? that earns you the right to have those more elevated conversations because without it you just haven't earned the right to ask for the data to ask them to connect your account to your service. There's a trust problem that needs to be solved and you know we're going to solve that and then you've stopped the uh cash burn already. So kudos on that, right? How we'll do it in the first 30 days, we'll help you define and refine the ICP, right? If agencies, right? Now, if the product is more geared toward agencies, let's validate that first, right?  
00:24:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: Let's make sure that we have a clear signal by the end of those 30 days that is it a product for agencies or is it not? Right? That's the first thing. U Ross, go for it.Ross Kennedy: I was going to say I don't know if Nicole had mentioned or not but we have meetings coming up with Publix if you're familiar with them the Publus group um I think they have something like 1100 agencies thatHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Ross Kennedy: they consolidated underneath themselves and a friend recently became the CEO of WPP so we're waiting to get in contact with them as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Ross Kennedy: They're just kind of settling into their role. So on the agency side of those, we probably have some access to some agencies to be able to help accelerate that conversation.Nicole Farley: Also, Johan from from Microsoft is putting together a carrot cake and uh like other software like better together package deal or not package deal but we're going to get more information on that.Ross Kennedy: And then of course, Nicole's been in the market in the industry for a long time, so she's got a few interest.  
00:25:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Ross Kennedy: Yeah.Nicole Farley: So, we do have some connections to agencies. It's just we want we want things kind of rolling a little bit faster.Ross Kennedy: You mean you mean we we transact not Microsoft, right?Nicole Farley: Yes. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, look, um, that's incredible. And I'm going to double click on this because that is important. If you land one of these, that's a game changer.Ross Kennedy: It's a game changer.Hassaan Ahmad: So, how do how can we help you? is the question. Where do you see us playing a role in that? What can we help you do better that improves your chances?Ross Kennedy: I can answer that, but Nicole, do you want to?Nicole Farley: Go ahead. No, I want to hearRoss Kennedy: Yeah, for me it's it's a second set of eyes to first tell us the guidance that you've given us here today, which is, you know, things like stop advertising on Meta, kill the pricing page, go to a demo. That kind of guidance is invaluable to us because obviously we've been going in the wrong direction unless we change something radically.  
00:26:46
 Ross Kennedy: clearly we're not gaining the traction that I thought we would and so these are big steps already which is good and then I think helping us find and anchor and secure a first customer win you know just getting in front of these folks and doing that survey of saying like hey this is you know why we use it or this is why we don't use it we just don't have that data point I can't tell you why a company comes in kicks the tires and runs away and that's terrifying because there's been I think I mean over the 12 iterations that we've had on this thing more than 400 people sign up I think but you know of course different versions a whole long way so for me it's really about finding those first customers and getting it validated that we actually have something of Are youNicole Farley: feedback. we just we just need feedback and I'm I'm manually reaching out to everybody. I didn't click phone numbers unfortunately, but I'm emailing everybody and just asking like, "Hey, even a sentence. Do  
00:27:36
 Nicole Farley: you like it? Do you don't like it?" Like,Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicole Farley: you know, tell me something because even if you hate it, like at least that that's something and I'm just not getting anything. Which could be because they're the wrong audience, they're not interested, blah blah blah. It could be one of one of many reasons. I just need something and I think those demo conversations will get it. I for me it's just um it's it's the right messaging. I need to get the messaging correctly because right now I'm like, "Oh, feature feature feature." Not here's the benefit.Adnan Khan: Yeah, I know.Nicole Farley: Here's what it gets to. And I need to like reframe the story that I'm telling around what carrot cake is and how we can help.Ross Kennedy: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: See? Yeah.Adnan Khan: Um, Hassan can help with a bunch of that stuff already. Uh, I think one of the other angles we should also look at is like so one of the things we do with most of our clients is like we also do like product design workshops and it's really looking  
00:28:20
 Ross Kennedy: Yeah.Adnan Khan: at the product holistically. like I I I think between you two you're you're probably more educated on like the right sort of scrum format road maps etc. We don't get that level with a lot of founders. Um so I think just looking at the road map what's coming up either if you guys have like a certain set of cadences you want to hit before your next meeting. I think the other thing that I am noticing in the product is like we AI is like the biggest thing right now but we can't get past chat assistants and we are using chat assistants a lot like how can we bring more sort of AI integration into the products. There are some examples that I can pull in um on the meta side they're very bullish on implementing their llama models across almost all their internal tooling right now and so that's that's like a big part that I'm involved in. So that that we could so we could tackle that from the other side as well, which could help with the information architecture play.  
00:29:12
 Adnan Khan: Like I've run ads, not as much as probably Adil who's not on the call, but I've run up to 50 grand worth of ads and I can like go into ads manager, get a lot of that information, but like what can we do for someone who just doesn't want to go into ads manager because it's really clunky, right? And they just want their top five things.Ross Kennedy: Do do you know that do you know the reason this company started was because Nicole asked me to go in and try and create an ad in the Google ad manager and after two hours I gave up.Nicole Farley: Yep.Ross Kennedy: I was so frustrated.Adnan Khan: Oh, I I worked in that team for six months and I gave up because like it is absolutely insane to get anything shipped.Ross Kennedy: Did you really? Oh my god.Adnan Khan: Like they couldn't even redo their design system because they all they could think about was if we change this button color, what is the metric? Right? And so, yeah, LinkedIn ads is crap from a technological perspective, but it's really good at getting results.  
00:30:06
 Nicole Farley: Yeah.Adnan Khan: So, we're like, we just like, yeah, anyway, long story short, I think we can look at that from a product perspective as well and help out.Ross Kennedy: Yeah, great.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So guys, we've got one minute, right? And I just want to summarize what we're going to do for you if you want us to, right? First one is we won't run any ads, right? Nicole, I would set up uh so we'll set up the messaging. We'll work on all of that. And now's going to work on the landing page design, make sure that the architecture flows, we're delivering that story and so forth, right? But for you specifically for the next kind of two weeks, we're going to set up um the automated campaign, right?Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: That is designed to get you connected with the CMOs, right? Or the or the people that you are initially getting traction with. So it would be good to know the titles of the people you already are meeting at publicist and WPP.  
00:30:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: So we could go and we could clone that and we could target similar people at similar agencies. That's number one. Number two is we'll come up with that messaging that you know that is resonant enough with them to get you connected to them. And number three, you know, you'd have all of that information um ready to go, right? So you would know who you've connected with so that you can go and you can take that conversation forward, right? We're purposely not getting involved in that because you are the product right now, right? It's your it's facetime with you that matters. What we look for from you is record as many of those conversations as you can because every conversation is a gold mine, right? We've used the messaging, calibrate the messaging further and keep on improving it till our rates improve, right? Hopefully by the end of the month what's going to happen is you're connected to you know 30 40 60 um you know sea level execs, right? You've had conversations with some of them who have given you some information and some signal on is this the right product for them?  
00:31:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: If it is, what do they like? And if it isn't, what needs to change? Right? And then you can make a call on what to do next. Right? How does that sound?Nicole Farley: Yep. Makes sense.Ross Kennedy: I think it makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Ross Kennedy: So, I think we're good to go. Nicole, is that what I'm hearing?Nicole Farley: Yeah.Ross Kennedy: Great. Sorry, I just like to be a little bit more direct. Good. Um, that's number one. Number two, if you gentlemen don't mind, send me a one pager. Um, we have a program called Microsoft for startups where we incubate a whole bunch of startups and they go into a program called Pegasus where we give them a lot of love and feeding. The problem is many of them are walking into that program without product market fit. And so our engineers spend a ton of time and it never materializes. So I'd like to just maybe push this in front of them as well.Hassaan Ahmad: love that Ross if it's all right with you. Um I will follow up with that offline because I'm getting late for another meeting. Would love to know what you would like to see in the one pager while we put something together share that with you and then appreciate yourRoss Kennedy: I could hear. Yeah. And don't and honestly don't don't over complicate it. Literally just bullet points. This audience does not give a s*** how pretty it looks. They just want to see the bullet points.  
Transcription ended after 00:34:00

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
