---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Nick/Hassaan - 1:1 – 2026/04/13 09:29 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-04-13T09:14:26.863Z
meeting_date: 2026-04-13T09:05:47.407Z
---


Nick/Hassaan - 1:1 - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Morning, Nick.Nicholas Clarkson: Hey, how are you doing?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm very well. How are you?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I'm all right, thanks.Hassaan Ahmad: Good stuff.Nicholas Clarkson: That's been good.Hassaan Ahmad: It's been a couple It's been a couple of weeks since we spoke,Nicholas Clarkson: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: hasn't it?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Have you beenNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Good. Good. Um, yeah. New CRO. New CRI is getting right in the weeds, which is great. Uh,Hassaan Ahmad: That's right.Nicholas Clarkson: got sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the Raphael guy.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah, he's a real pro. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Nice.Nicholas Clarkson: we're um Yeah, not a lot else to report really. Um, he's just getting up to speed. We've got an ISO audit tomorrow. So, um, yeah. How about you,Hassaan Ahmad: Good stuff. Well, uh well same old same old actually. So I'm currently in Pakistan had to and onboard a couple of people and uh the wife had a national break because she's starting her training in August.  
00:01:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: We just decided to use the time and come here for a bit.Nicholas Clarkson: nice.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: When when do I get to meet Rafael?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh yeah, he's doing the rounds with the X code and key introducer. So, yeah, we can figure all that out. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Because I was it would be really good to just understand how he wants to approach theNicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: market where he sees the angles and so forth.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We could put something around that because now that someone dedicated full-time,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: he's full-time, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh, no, he's 10 days.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. 10 days aNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. So, he's gone up, but Barack was sort of 30%.Hassaan Ahmad: month.Nicholas Clarkson: He's uh Raphael's 50. So um but yeah, I feel like he's the guy, you know, there's all these little things around how you speak with more authority and you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: really he's really trying to build work out what the true arguments are and you know, I don't dare say I'm not not quite less polite but more assertive on um interactions with prospects.  
00:02:25
 Nicholas Clarkson: you know, it's like you will, we will, you know, rather than would you like um it's kind of interesting that, you know, it's like this is a no-brainer and that's how you approach it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So, and he's actually I could tell he's he's he's an entrepreneur in his own way. Like he know he do you know what I mean? I almost feel like anyone who's early around a business like ours, they need to be especially a leader needs to be an entrepreneur otherwise you get stuck because it's you know it's so diverse and uhHassaan Ahmad: But yeah, that's good to hear. And I think you and I talked about this previously.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: When you show up into meetings as a founder and a CEO and a seller, that dilutes authority across all three dimensions. Whereas when you've got someone who's hyperfocused on revenue, whereas you come in as the founder, CEO,Nicholas Clarkson: Heat.Hassaan Ahmad: the scene setter, the you know the technical expert in the room, that's when it just lands so well. then you can separate yourself from the process whereas he can just take on and run with it.  
00:03:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: So he can afford to be more direct because he knows that you know there's a CEO somebody everybody knows that there's a CEO that things can escalate to if needed or that person can get involved if needed. So I think that's a that's a great great thing to have on board.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, he's a just I say it's like a a leader always teaching us, you know, that's what I want. I don't want to be the one, you know, schooling everyone. I want to be schooled. Um so yeah, and our investors really coming together our story. So, um, our investor deck is,Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah, I've, you know, I'm all, I would say I'm 90% of the way to the, you know, the the big raise. Turn this into an AI play andHassaan Ahmad: advice in terms of the preparation or in terms ofNicholas Clarkson: why.Hassaan Ahmad: actualNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, the actual deck. So,Hassaan Ahmad: law.Nicholas Clarkson: I've I've been carving, you know, I probably put two days into it, last week, you know,  
00:04:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: really stripping it back to the essence and brand narrative, you know, the theme storytelling. So, yeah, I think it's quite a compelling story. SoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think that's that's really powerful. Have you looked into the MCP stuff that we talked about the last time we spoke?Nicholas Clarkson: umHassaan Ahmad: So, anthropic MCPS giving anthropic some sort of a connector to fusibleNicholas Clarkson: um I mean certainly part of the narrative but you know the dev team aren't quite at that point Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, but have you scoped out what it would take?Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Because um that's one thing I'm really curious about for some of my other clients and I was I think you're ahead of the curve when it comes to dev stuff. So, I thought you might have figured that out.Nicholas Clarkson: no, it's too I'm more concerned that that what I'm saying we're going to do is doable. Um, and then we'll find a time, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Nicholas Clarkson: cuz the next raise is really to to then do it.  
00:05:56
 Nicholas Clarkson: So, we've been looking at like a filing integration. So, there'd almost be a natural language way to build the integrations within the tool. So, you could file a company's house or whatever. You know, you do that through natural language rather than passing it to the IT team. But,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: I think the claw bit actually could be fairly straightforward.Hassaan Ahmad: Think so.Nicholas Clarkson: you know it's not it's not corporates aren't yet there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um so yeah I think it's more I need to understand terminology between MCP integration connection you know what's the new what's the new trendy language right MCP yeah so whatever whatever it is the you know it's about the primary integration layer forHassaan Ahmad: Hey,Nicholas Clarkson: us will be with the co-working agents which then have their own integrations within the their enterprise environment. How does our our tool play nicely with the with the dawn of co-working with isHassaan Ahmad: do Do you use do you use connector inNicholas Clarkson: comingHassaan Ahmad: cloud?  
00:07:03
 Nicholas Clarkson: at uh yes yeah itHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. You like tell cloud to update stuff in ATO and it just doesNicholas Clarkson: yeah I mean evenHassaan Ahmad: that.Nicholas Clarkson: if we get a warm lead in LinkedIn it it scores whether That's anHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: MQL and it will create it. Add notes the LinkedIn conversation. Yeah, it'sHassaan Ahmad: No, but I mean do you use claude and like are they connected? Yeah. So that's an MCP basically.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So what you have that connected with ETO that's MT MCB for ETO and that's what we're looking for for fusible so that the next time somebody has a question about their governance structure or you know their exposure or their you know one of their lines of credit or something like that you stay in claude but you but when you ask a question going to query the data from fusibleNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. And exactly it's like a a dumbed down version of what you can actually how it can interact with your data set and keeping it protect and and safe  
00:08:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: right file synchronization would be a great example right I want to synchronize SharePointHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: with fusible well you know the co-work will will do thatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: um yeah and you don't always have to be in the app like that's a natural like you said it's becoming the OS like you need to play well in that world. Um, I think this goes even further. You know, it's like what Raphael's saying, you got to build dashboards.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: And I'm like, well, do you I don't think a dashboard is what you think it is in the new world. You know, with these clawed artifacts and whatnot, it's like people will spin them up. You know, the idea you're preparing reports. You'll be able to just say, I want the board is discussing this. Ah, let's drag a file in whatever and the report will be there and it'll be throw away. And you know the idea a team will spend days producing reports. I I feel like that that world is gone.  
00:09:07
 Nicholas Clarkson: It's like static dashboard is just I can already see that why would I build that now? I feel like you need to build the way that that Claude does. It's like you know what I mean? It's like this guy this evolves more than just co-work. It's like actually your application features even populating data like the people probably don't will want to populate through natural language intoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think dashboards are going to be a relic of the past because well static dashboardsNicholas Clarkson: thatHassaan Ahmad: or pre-built dashboards are going to be a relic of the past because I feel and A you and I live in an echo chain right you know we have got a very narrow view of where the world is headed but I think where the world is headed is anyone as you say could be able to spin up a dashboard as they want and each dashboard each person's UX is going to be unique to them because they can just prompt it into existence in like fiveNicholas Clarkson: Exactly. It's that it's you can prompt it into existence and it's like you know me saying you  
00:10:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: That'sNicholas Clarkson: know as a what a founder fusible these are the dashboards you should have they go no well you don't know our business very well like it's no it's like we can give you a a guideline but it's kind of prompt based ah here's some pre-baked ones but youHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: can change them as you see fit right they could be throwaway or they you can be stored in in memory That's a popularHassaan Ahmad: Exactly. And even need live infusible, you know, because if the running thesis which you and I hold together is that cloud's going to beNicholas Clarkson: voice.Hassaan Ahmad: the OS of the future and co-work is going to be the interaction layer, then your dashboard will essentially live within that code. And it very well might be the case that co-worker whatever it is is getting data from fusible but also pulling data from your financial systems also pulling it from your I don't know banking API and putting together a dashboard that none of those tools individually could bring to work but because cloud is the underlying layer it could do it and so focusing on a dashboard in my opinion now is it's additional strength on your team and it just creates friction for the UX because the next time somebody says hey can you build this or you know it would be really cool this was in the in the dashboard that becomes a PRD then that has to be skipped out  
00:11:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: and that you've got to run a couple of sprints on it just I thinkNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, you got to do it per function.Hassaan Ahmad: acceptNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. And it's like, you know, if the if the co-workers can do this sort of thing way better than us, why would we bother? Ours is about the not you know the agentic knowledge in the tool right and giving users prompts that they wouldn't have thought to ask right an auditor really forensic auditor would ask a pertinent question of a CFO we give them that pre-baked prompt you go that's a brilliant question I need to ask that I'm going to use my credits right and it's just like you giveHassaan Ahmad: Yep.Nicholas Clarkson: them such good pre-baked prompt that they're going yeah we need to know all ofHassaan Ahmad: Hello.Nicholas Clarkson: this And I don't have to ask my auditors or my advisors or whatever like that. It's the our focus should be on the knowledge and how how we playHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: nicely with but yeah so there's the there's that whatever primary integration layer with a co-work but the great thing for us is sort of three pillars client side enterprise co-work agents right and the knowledge the system of record the knowledge base right that's a that's a pretty well definfined mode there's also our  
00:13:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: um hosting and reasoning which is an AWS bedrock. We are LLM agnostic. So we are not dependent on any one of them. Again that that's a good thing to say I thinkHassaan Ahmad: I think it's a great thing to say because what's going to happen in the future is people would want to ownNicholas Clarkson: beingHassaan Ahmad: I think they would want to at least when we talk about more regulated industries they would want to host their own versions of some point and so if you're add agnostic from the get-go that entire What is the biggest threat right now or biggest issue when you go in and you say, "Hey, um, our product has AI." I actually came across that a couple of times when I was at Anoplan where banks were like, "If you say AI one more time, we're going to end this conversation." not because they didn't need AI but because they saw AI um LLMs as uh information security threat because they don't know where the AI lives they don't know who who you know what it's training they don't know how that data is being used and so forth so they were like stop talking about it so a future is going to be where people are self-hosting their L&Ms right and it's going to be exactly the same where you know you've got a version of the software a new version comes out you sandbox it, you test it,  
00:14:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: and then you deploy it. It's going to be exactly the same like two years fromNicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: now.Nicholas Clarkson: I'm not sure we can quite do that though cuz you know part of the art of a good answer is the tooling that you give the LLM and then you are choosing a specific LLM for a specific task like if you start giving that to the client you could end up getting rubbish answers but um yeah I mean it's it's fascinating world but you know just trying to jumpHassaan Ahmad: too early. I think we're still way too early.Nicholas Clarkson: inHassaan Ahmad: So, if you build it on the right rails, you don't know what the next 12 months are going to look like. And Thorpic just shipped a feature or they are about to ship a feature which is going to kill Lover. I mean they do it at the pace of I was reading some crazyNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: stat that they did 76 releases in 50 days something like that which is if you think about it think about how much time and effort you need to put in order to do one release and they're doing pretty much one and a half a day major releases.  
00:15:48
 Nicholas Clarkson: Heat.Hassaan Ahmad: That's insane. And they and this is the slowest it's ever going to be.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, they seem they seem very focused as well. I mean, you know, Open AI, I think they placed too many bets and a lot of them aren't.Hassaan Ahmad: consist.Nicholas Clarkson: And I think there's a question mark is is some outman really what he's cut out to be. He's great at selling the vision but then execution of it you know he's also you see you know like the likes of Microsoft Google even though they might be inferior they own the enterprise ecosystem well right um and they have an advantage in some they can they're upselling to existing customers so um yeah it's fascinating but we're the beneficiaries right it's like great let them have their dog fight and it's the end users gets enormous value from it and particularly particularly those users like us who are outside of the corporate ecosystem right because my brother was going I really want to learn claude and I was like you know they haven't deployed it in his  
00:16:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicholas Clarkson: environment I was like yeah but the interesting bit is where you're doing it and you're not encumbered by the corporate world where you're going I actually see the world of possibilities but for my personal life for my side hustle for, you know, me wanting to start my own venture or whatever. Like, there's probably not that many people who are who are really seeing what it can do. You know, this is like I'm using Claude at work. Okay, I'm more productive. Great, but I still don't want to work here. Like, it's not solving your big problem on a personal level, is it? But for us, it's like, well,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: this tooling has come into our hands at the time where we always wanted to do these things and now we now it's it's in our lap.Hassaan Ahmad: I came across a quote yesterday.Nicholas Clarkson: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh it's this guy you know Andrew Horowitz A16Z the we see Po u so it's one of their partners and the guy was like  
00:17:48
 Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: a 10x engineer now is a thousandx engineer and that's so true right if you could do 10x before with AI you could just you can do so much more your productivity and your ability to create has increased by a factor of 10 just what itNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: you and I are turning out more stuff in ourNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: sleep um than most people do and you know in their workday which isNicholas Clarkson: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: crazy.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, I I wrote an article for for a REIT publication and they were like, it's brilliant and it's getting published and it's got a massive audience and I didn't really spend that long on it, but because I'd spent a couple of weeks building up my knowledge base for me, it was all about all this stuff in my head, I want to put it in in notion. Yeah. So that when you know,Hassaan Ahmad: context.Nicholas Clarkson: because people I think Raphael's like, I don't think Claude, you know, it's not that great. But the power comes when it knows all of your thought process.  
00:18:57
 Nicholas Clarkson: Then it can just spin up stuff quickly, right? And that's is worth like you slow down to speed up. The first bit is all of the knowledge I have whatever you know this tacetic knowledge what's the other oneHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: but it's got to be your IP partly is what you know and a lot of that scattered around and the moment you have itHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: documented um you know it gets better right oh we're running out of time so I gotHassaan Ahmad: What?Nicholas Clarkson: to jump on a um call there's a there's a couple of things I wanted to show you one is this it's not live there's an ROI calculator.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: We've got the stress test. Um, and then this is again I don't think it's final, but the idea was um it's on the Google chat. This was a sort of a 10 part questionnaire to show what what ROI you could get and what it might cost you if you weren't doing certain things. Again, it didn't take long for me to do this.  
00:19:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: um you know and it's because I've got all of that knowledge base for it to do bit of research but also know our capability areas even even for theHassaan Ahmad: Hello.Nicholas Clarkson: you know I've been using claude to like freestyle some pitch decks in in slides in Figma to reword stuff for me and it can build throw up some prototypes in Figma for you. So like you say, all this stuff I would never have been able to do. So these are kind of like assets that I I don't definitely don't see them in final form though and they're a bit cynically pointed towards us. you know where we can start to provide a little bit of value where people you know before a call it's like well check if it's appropriate for you what you might be you know where there might be like eight pain points and on a call you can't cover all right but you could maybe spend fiveHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: minutes doing a questionnaire and go ah yes we do have those problems yeah you know audits don't go well you know we do have unmititigated risk the board doesn't oversee the data blah blah blah you know um we are  
00:21:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Nicholas Clarkson: wasting time doing A B and C KYC is a pain you know and it's like we can sort of quickly cover the basis of what we help with maybe even before a call or someone can do that on a you know a LinkedIn chat like you know a LinkedIn messageHassaan Ahmad: Look,Nicholas Clarkson: you can say well hey if you got five minutes have a look at this rather than going hey we're a brilliant software product by our product, you know, we can it's a bit more the assets become a bit more conversation building than anything else.Hassaan Ahmad: more about trust. So with things like this, it's it's all about trust.Nicholas Clarkson: So,Hassaan Ahmad: You're answering a question of do I want to is this worth my time? Yeah. And the issue is when you reach out to someone cold or even through an advertisement, your call to action is book in 30 minutes, but you haven't in a lot of cases earned the right to have that 30 to ask for that 30 minutes. So this is a perfect way where you're asking for five minutes.  
00:22:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: You're giving some value at the end and you're giving a result which that says all right well now I know what this is costing me. Now this is worth 30Nicholas Clarkson: Correct. Exactly. It's like you you it's like the ramp,Hassaan Ahmad: minutes.Nicholas Clarkson: right? You've tried to make this leap of faith to step up to a call actually. So never when we understand you're not there yet.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Have a have a look at this if it's right forHassaan Ahmad: Exactly. Yeah. So,Nicholas Clarkson: you.Hassaan Ahmad: it's moving people along that um I think we've talked about this path from where they'reNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: unaware of the problem to their aware to they're aware of what the problem's costing them to they're aware of, hey, this is a solution I want to have a conversation with. Um so, yeah, this is great. A couple of things I would change. This is great. This is seriously I think it uh two things that I would that have just stood out at me and I haven't read anything.  
00:23:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, maybe you address them. The first thing is I don't know how you've got into so I'm gonna if I share my screen I'm looking at transaction and audit preparation cost of 32,000. I don't know how that is built and that feels a bit like to someone like me I want to see under the hoodNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: a little bit that how why is this zero and why is this 32k that's one maybeNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you address it on how you calculate it but if you don't address it you could have an option here and says drill deeper into the numbers on a call andNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: then Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: We could have that as like a a chevron like how we calculated your cost or something.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. The other thing is these are goodNicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: but it's better if the person puts in their own numbers. So your assumptions I think you should have at some point maybe on this slide or or on this you should have at on the side a section of change the assumption.  
00:24:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: So you have two or three assumptions where you have the day rate where you have something else and that way when someone tells someone puts in their own numbers they believe them more you get a more accurateNicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: answer.Nicholas Clarkson: we're in danger of like making this more I I think the first step maybe we will get there but the first step would be a bit more honesty of how we you know howHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: calculate Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Nicholas Clarkson: conscious of times. I've got to jump on. There's a call with uh my brain's not working.Hassaan Ahmad: Nick, a question on this before we jump.Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Um, what's the plan for distribution? How do you want to So, you've built it. How do we get it in front of people?Nicholas Clarkson: so well, I've been sharing it with Raphael, so you know, it's just again, it's not live and I don't even the stress test I think is too much. So, you know, it's we just iterate it until we're happy with it and then I think Raphaire will know how to how to use it.  
00:25:20
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um, yeah, and if it goes in socials and that kind of stuff. So, I don't know. I've just it came up that an ROI calculator was something we always wanted to do and now I've been able to, you know, spin something up.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicholas Clarkson: This would have been a lotHassaan Ahmad: I asked because I have a strategy for things like this, which is why I've shared the first video anyway. So, when it's ready, let me know and then we can put some strategy behind it.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. Um, do we need I need a mechanism to do that. Raphael's coming as a cost. Um, so yeah, hold off on that.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: I think you and I just need a a conversation about what that what that is. So yeah, consider it expire, but we we have another conversation about it. And like what I'm doing with channel codes is I'm taking a pause. Um, they know that we've done it before and then we've re-engaged once through a funding round.  
00:26:49
 Nicholas Clarkson: But I I kind of need a mechanism to pay myself and I'm in a bit of a tight spot. Um, so let's just let's grab half an hour an hour in the next week and and work that out. Like I I don't want to say it's it's it's not a thing, but it needs to be justified because, you know, it fakes burn and all the rest of it. So we can we can pick that up on Slack if you want.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um, when do you want to have the conversation?Nicholas Clarkson: Um, we got ISO audit this week. I don't know, next Tuesday morning, 21st.Hassaan Ahmad: 21st 10 a.m.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, I will put that in. For now, I have paused the invoice. I'm still getting used to Stripe, so if it still comes across, ignore it, obviously. Um, Uh I'll I'll send that across. One quick question, Nick. How much, if you don't mind sharing, how much are you paying Raphael? Like what's the commercial mechanism for that? Reason I ask is because I'm doing something similar for some other people. I just want to make sure that I'm pricing myself.Nicholas Clarkson: Let's talk about that next week because that's a personal negotiation with him and I need a you know he's he's a healthily paid CRO day rate I've negotiated it's part equity part cash but it's a mechanism to move it to permanent so we'll figure next week I've I got to jump on this other call,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, I would loveNicholas Clarkson: but let's um we can chat on Slack in any case.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: sounds good. All right,Nicholas Clarkson: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: cheers.Nicholas Clarkson: Bye, mate.Hassaan Ahmad: Byebye.  
Transcription ended after 00:28:45

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
