---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Nick/Hassaan - 1:1 – 2026/03/02 09:29 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-02T10:14:24.560Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-02T10:08:15.527Z
---


Nick/Hassaan - 1:1 - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Hey,Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, morning. How are you?Nicholas Clarkson: I'm good, thanks. How areHassaan Ahmad: I am good,Nicholas Clarkson: you?Hassaan Ahmad: thank you. Give me one sec. All right, there you are.Nicholas Clarkson: Let me Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: You're in a different office today.Nicholas Clarkson: yes. Yes. Um, can we kick off myio?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. From the call.Nicholas Clarkson: I just realized it's your call,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: isn't it?Hassaan Ahmad: How's that feel, by the way? Do you like it?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Love it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I signed up for it on Friday,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but then it was a bit too complicated for me to figure out on a Friday, so I didn'tNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. The first the first hurdle is is there's a little bit of um terminology to understand, but it's it really didn't take us that long once we invested a bit of time. And yeah, I love it.  
00:02:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I say again,Hassaan Ahmad: What do you more as compared toNicholas Clarkson: sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: What do you love more as compared to Hopspot? How's it better?Nicholas Clarkson: Um, I mean, ironically, they've got same feature that we're just releasing, which is inapp chat. So, you can comment through deals. It's contextual based communication. So, you can just you can just you don't have to deal on other channels, right? It's you communicate through the deals and then when you go to a deal you can see all the activity, the emails, the transcripts, everything is exactly where you would expect it to be without extra noise. And then it does you can build these cool research agents that if you find a company canHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: score. So you you you build the GP kind of like a GPT and say right this is the criteria for scoring relevance um and it will give you a score and it'll do research on the company. So and you can email from the tool.  
00:03:58
 Nicholas Clarkson: So as a pure CRM like I say pure CRM because it doesn't HubSpot does all these other stuff right but and then it's got integration with other tools. So like it's like if you like tools like notion it's a it's like a true relational database where you get the CRM that you want.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Um so yeah the initial hurdle is the hardest one. Um but it's actually we were like we thought it would take us three months and we just we just started we started moving deal by deal from HubSpot into Atio. So we would delete it from HubSpot systematically and we did that in within a week once you get I mean honestly it's literally a few hours of go right what's an object what's uh um an attribute that kind of stuff and you it's well worth half a day just to wrap your head aroundHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: it.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. I'll look into it. I trust I trust your judgment when it comes to good products because I think you've got that  
00:05:01
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: eye. You can tell when a when a product is good.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll trust I'll try it out.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. It's like we're probably two months in now and I I still feel the same which I you know very often you get that initial excitement and then it falls short but it's so good at the core bit that I forgive it for the things it doesn't and they they're constantly shipping new features.Hassaan Ahmad: No.Nicholas Clarkson: So mate, I can see the future before it before it hits. That I feel that's one of my spidey senses.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Like I like and I like to back businesses that are, you know, sold.Hassaan Ahmad: The thing that stood out to me immediately when I went into it is it went through all my emails and it was like, "All right, this is everybody you've been talking to.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: This is your relationship status with that person. So this this person's warm, this person's cold. This was the last engagement with them." Immediately my seller mind goes to all  
00:06:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: right.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: If that person's in a deal and I haven't spoken to them in two weeks, I need to pick up the phone now and give them a call. Right? So, so that's it helps with the prioritization which has been a challenge you know as things explode and you know things more things start coming in. Um that's something that I really appreciate but that's about the extent of what I looked at before I got pulled into other things.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, you'll like it. And you can assign like tasks to deals as well. So you sort of the tasks are quite simple, but they it's just a list and it's what's overdue, what's due, what's coming up, and then you can assign it to somebody else. And you can use email templates as well for repeatable sales motions.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Nicholas Clarkson: So yeah, I honestly I think you'll you'll like it. It's backed by Google Ventures, so I mean they're not they're not playingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: around.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll check it out.  
00:07:01
 Nicholas Clarkson: Cool. Um, nice work on those posts, by the way. They are I mean, you know, I'm a tinkerer, but I read them. I was like, this is right on the money. So, um, and the scheduling piece,Hassaan Ahmad: Good.Nicholas Clarkson: I think you've figured out a way that I can do stuff without being a bottleneck. I just go and go, "Right, I've got half an hour,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: an hour. I'll schedule the next week worth week weeks worth of posts." That's how I canHassaan Ahmad: absolutely. Yeah, that's what I envision for you as well.Nicholas Clarkson: actuallyHassaan Ahmad: So, what I going forward what I'll do is every week I'll give you the best for the next week. you look through that, you can schedule it and then you know we're good to go. I would actually try to give you a batch for two weeks so you can just bang bang it outNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: in 20 minutes, 30 minutes tops and then you know you're covered for that.  
00:07:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um what I think another way in which we can make itNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: go faster for you is if you don't have to go in and edit a post before we boost it, right? So,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: you add a link to it. Yes, that would hurt the organic reach, but screw that. Let's just put some money behind it and let's get you in front of it. I'm really curious, how did the post perform though? Um, I saw four or five engagements, but in terms of impressions, do you think what's your feel onNicholas Clarkson: haven't uh I haven't even looked I mean I was sort of saying look it's it's all more useful content right that refineses you know this feeds back into the machine in a way um so that you know if we have aHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: knowledge base of these types of copy that can Right. Can just continuously write new star.Hassaan Ahmad: Go to post impressions.Nicholas Clarkson: Where's that? OhHassaan Ahmad: Go.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah.  
00:08:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Go down. Um, do 60 impressions. That's not bad.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I mean, the thing is I'm I'm posting on on my where they get good traction is I mean, I've had ones in the thousands where I post them into groups. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: I can just take this and I that'sHassaan Ahmad: doNicholas Clarkson: where it gets because I've got to go through all the groups,Hassaan Ahmad: it.Nicholas Clarkson: right, and pick them off. But that's where, you know, I've had five nearly 10,000 impressions from, you know, taking a post and then posting it in five 10Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, give me one second. Stay on thisNicholas Clarkson: groups.Hassaan Ahmad: fusable.comm post campaign. Let's make it 14 content. Okay. I'm sending you something.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Edit the post and add it at the bottom with where is my slack. There you go. Just copy everything in the inverted commas.Nicholas Clarkson: Oh, AllHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:10:57
 Nicholas Clarkson: right.Hassaan Ahmad: Remove the inverted commas. Hit save. This would truncate it so nobody sees the whole link. But what that does is so I've added UTMs to that as well.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So you can see what traffic will come from these posts.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: That's a good measure.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we can then see that in your GF4.Nicholas Clarkson: I probably want to do it to this one as well then.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Well, if you're onNicholas Clarkson: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: it, there we go.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: What I've done is I saw these posts and because I can do it, I went into so I can I reposted it from fusible page, get it in front of your existing followers as well. And I found that doing that helps amplify the reach quickly because wellNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: if your current followers like it, they comment on it, the algorithm likes it, it then puts in more people and more people like them. So that stuff helps.  
00:12:30
 Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. All right. So, the the group posting, I should try and find a bit of time for that. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Or maybe that's something Roland can do. I mean, we don't need you doing it. We just need a post in the group, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. IHassaan Ahmad: But when you do it, um,Nicholas Clarkson: mean,Hassaan Ahmad: make sure that it it has the link at the bottom.Nicholas Clarkson: uh, you have to be a little bit careful on that because if it's promotionalHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I want to see something.Nicholas Clarkson: umHassaan Ahmad: Um, give me a sec to Okay. Yeah, that's fine. And what's Roland's lastNicholas Clarkson: Hangas.Hassaan Ahmad: name?Nicholas Clarkson: H A I N G Y A S.Hassaan Ahmad: Not connected. That's fine. I'll find him.Nicholas Clarkson: Um yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Cool.Nicholas Clarkson: I guess top topically we're we're about we've got a big release coming. It it if you have a look at that sales perspectives that that orientates around some of the key topics but one of the big ironically we're talking about atio but inapp contextual chat.  
00:14:06
 Nicholas Clarkson: This is one of those things that people don't need realize they need until they have it. Um and so this is that could be a a post topic which is more broad around governance like how do you fix cross functional governance part of that is the way that teams communicate and that has to be through the platform. So if if if you can dance or at least do one which is around that topic area um that that might also inform one of our new blog posts. Um yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: That's the comment and inbox piece. Correct.Nicholas Clarkson: and it's so honestly this feature is so cool. Like we've got it absolutely nailed. You can even tag your you can at yourself and it goes into your inbox, send you an email. So it's like you need to do something. Um and you can do it anywhere on anything. So you that the data doesn't go stale. Um, this is one of those educational pieces, right, where you go, well, let's compare fusible to another.  
00:15:13
 Nicholas Clarkson: And they go, they say they have they look like the same product, but they they're just fundamentally not because it's how it was designed and built functionality. Um, anyway,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I'm rambling. The um I wanted to talk to you also about did you see my email over yesterday?Hassaan Ahmad: briefly before we jump onto the email. The deck that you shared with me is that your that's your prospectus that you'reNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: using for the race.Nicholas Clarkson: No, this is a salesHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: perspective.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. When you say a sales pro prospectus, what are we talking about?Nicholas Clarkson: Well, we send it to sales prospect.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. When how do you use this tech is theNicholas Clarkson: Uh,Hassaan Ahmad: question.Nicholas Clarkson: do we use it?Hassaan Ahmad: How do you useNicholas Clarkson: we ahead of a call if we've been introduced um if it's goneHassaan Ahmad: it?Nicholas Clarkson: quiet and we want to give them a new copy to bring the story up today.  
00:16:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicholas Clarkson: It's what it does is is again it might not be a perfect sales day, but what it does is it's like it it talks about our philosophy and how to fix the the silo problem and then compares us to our competitors and then it explains how it works and all the rest of it. So, I think it does a good fair job. It's quite a compelling deck. It might not be the you wouldn't necessarily I mean the feedback has been it's good, right? uh but I think I think it's perfectly good enough for a sales perspectives now but that this our thesis I think has come together now where we can actually articulate you know the problem and why it's problem how you fix the problem and where we differ from other tools that's like where the penny mount might drop so I think for you like inHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: terms of like you feeding that into your materials like that knowledge base when you're writingHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: articles you can dance around our capabilities.  
00:17:18
 Nicholas Clarkson: So definitely worth you having it's only 10 it's not very long. Um um but it it sort of came out ofHassaan Ahmad: OfNicholas Clarkson: the investor deck. So whilst I was writing the investor deck I was like okay a lot of this informs the sales deck. investor that goes into way more detail about market size and competitive landscape and allHassaan Ahmad: course. Yeah. Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: that.Hassaan Ahmad: Fine. And the ask from me is just to one use the information for the posts strategy and so forth.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And you also wanted me to take a look at this, see if there's anything to change, provide some pointers, etc.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, if there's anything glaringly obvious,Hassaan Ahmad: Correct?Nicholas Clarkson: you know, Barack has got an opinion, other people, and then because I get so many opinions, I I get stuck. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: like, I think it's good enough for now. And so, but I welcome your thoughts. If it requires a redesign, then then I have a problem because we have to go back to the drawing board.  
00:18:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No,Nicholas Clarkson: But articulation,Hassaan Ahmad: that's it's okay.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, this is where particularly the this deck or the investor deck articul might be like you've written it this way. I would change the language ever so slightly to say this and so it structurally fits. I don't have to actually redesign anything. I just have to change replaceHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: words.Hassaan Ahmad: I think if you're sending it before the sales call, I think it does what it needs to do, right? It needs to before the sales call, the the question that you're answering is why am I should I be prioritizing this call over something else? Basically, that's what you're helping people do. And I think it tells a really good story. So let me have a look at this and then I will if I have some comments I can share them withNicholas Clarkson: Okay. And then this other one which I think is this is could be where we we really start to hone in  
00:19:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: you.Nicholas Clarkson: on on sectors. There's a bit of learning but this guy Jeffrey Dorhan who runs IE which is I I can't even explain it fully myself but his audience is um it's kind of real estate investment asset managers infrastructure. He's got a massive audience, a lot a lot of who read. Basically, he said, "We could we could do a an arrangement where we do ad spend and we appear in their publications." And he goes, "It's not just us. If you don't want to use us, there are all these other bodies that also are front or you know what? They have the audience that you probably want to reach." So, he shared loads of useful intel. He even shared the list of some of the big names that sponsor their events. But what what he offered was like, "How about we do this? We our publications need more um what do you call it like uh authors for articles just for extra content in our thing in our publications. We wouldn't charge you for this.  
00:20:30
 Nicholas Clarkson: If you can write 800 to,200 word thought piece that speaks to the governance problem for our audience for specifically for our audience, we'll put it out and it will appear there and it can be a little bit a little bit promotional about fusible but it's it's valueled. So I think between what that deck, all the posts you've given me, all the blogs I've done, the posts I've done, I think we could whip up an article very easily and we just need to tailor it to that audience because if I can get that to him this week, you know, this is a really good opportunity for us to do a real sector focus and get some free words out there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, are you going to do the article and do you want me to look at it or are you expecting me to do theNicholas Clarkson: Well,Hassaan Ahmad: article?Nicholas Clarkson: I was just wondering if you know if you can triangulate between all the material we've got. So, you know, you drop in the fusible blog, some of the posts we've done, the post you've given me, the deck, a copy of the governance article that I attached to that email, and just give it the brief saying, write a 1200word article for this audience based on this knowledge.  
00:22:03
 Nicholas Clarkson: I I think that's probably an hour to get first draft.Hassaan Ahmad: So, he's looking for an outline for a draft. Okay. Um, so I don't have the bandwidth to do the full thing. What I can do is given the content that I have, I can probably put together an outline. Um, and that outline's probably going to be 10 bullet points on these are the things that we're going to discuss.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The problem is um why does it matter what needs to be done about it? I can get that to you by Wednesdayish. He's just looking for an outline, right? So we can just send that to him andNicholas Clarkson: Well, I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: then heNicholas Clarkson: I think by outline he means like a draft. I think I think it's either you do it or I do it because I have got a blog post copywriter which I aHassaan Ahmad: saysNicholas Clarkson: GPT which I plug stuff in. Right. I could add in your articles.  
00:23:06
 Nicholas Clarkson: I could add in my new deck and I'll say, "Look, write a 1200word article for this audience." ButHassaan Ahmad: I'm I'm going struggle with writing the whole thing,Nicholas Clarkson: it'sHassaan Ahmad: Nick, because I could GPT it and I can get that to you in like 30 minutes. I don't like half things. This is a high priority play for you, right? And I want to it's a new audience. It's a new angle that I haven't researched properly, right? So, we haven't done much of research on the problem for real estate and so forth, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And if I do it, I I would like to do it properly. So I'm going to struggle with the timeline on this honestly. I can let me get you some bullet points, right? See what your GP comes back with and then maybe this is something that we collaborate on. Make sense?Nicholas Clarkson: Okay, it's either that or I just do it. I mean, IHassaan Ahmad: ask if you just do it to be  
00:24:11
 Nicholas Clarkson: reckonHassaan Ahmad: honest.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Or we could just start with the GPT. So, look, here's here's what it spat out.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Nick, if you want me to do it,Nicholas Clarkson: uh,Hassaan Ahmad: if you want me to adjust my priorities based on this. I think there's more. So I I want to build a system around this, right? I'll spend a couple of hours and I build something around this. But then I would need this to be a longer term thing. So for example, for my one login, what I'm doing now is one to two white papers a month with some assessments on top. to some interactive elements that somebody can use. I'm already doing the posts and so forth. So I could effectively just take over the marketing side of things completely. So your content, your white papers, your authority building material, white papers, those two pages and so forth, complete with assets that you can share with people. And I'm going to show you an example of what that looks like.  
00:25:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: um we would need to think about the commercial terms again because for a grand aNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: month it's just not feasible for me. But if we can revisit that, I'd be more than happy to and then I could just do that on a on a monthly basis for you. So we can commit to what that outcomes look like and we could doNicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: that.Nicholas Clarkson: I I I need to think about that because I mean one way or the other we're going to have a successful funding round, right? So even if there's a pause, it's going to restart pretty imminently. So I don't think that if I because I've done this with other contracts, I've had to just pause on cost. So it it it might it might it might be a case for that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: You know, I think we're now honing in on like a really good way of working together, but just at the point where like cash is tight. Um so I I think I think with this one,  
00:26:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: Sure. It's just an idea.Nicholas Clarkson: let let it go, right? And you just you do the posting. you know where we want to get to is that we're doing these thought pieces and we're getting leads which he calls a revenue share and so there's an attractive other component to the workflow. This is this is the elephant in the room with us. the site. We're working together, but you know, the efforts so far haven't yielded and that's what we want to get to. Um, which is a bit of investment from both sides, right? And this material kind of it feeds the feeds the machine. You know, we've now got our story board. We can reuse them. We tell the same stories. We've got these assets. So, I think it just becomes so much easier for us to push stuff out. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. And that's why I'm saying I'll build a system around it, right? But that requires an investment for me um and management for me, right?  
00:27:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: on a week-by-week basis because as you say,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: data gets stale the moment you put it in a system, right? So, you've got to constantly stay on top of it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, but yeah, look.Nicholas Clarkson: Let me do this one and we'll we'll have the commercial discussion before well before theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: next roll over. I I'm in the process of maybe doing some bridge equity which might mean that we we can carryHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: on.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: Um but you know I'm I'm very much taking a longer term view with you know and the idea that you sort of are content engine you know and that feeds into Red Share and all the rest of it. I love that idea. I love your, you know, you've got high IQ thought process,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: right? It's it's a it's um exactly what I like to see. And you know, some of it's it's like a golfer, right? You know, sometimes they have to rebuild their swing and it's and it's not yielding results until four or five months later.  
00:28:41
 Nicholas Clarkson: And uh I think if you just go, you're sort of expecting overnight results.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: You're missing the point with a lot of what the what we've been doing. It's sort of foundational. It's, you know, our storytelling has improved across the board. I think even my deck has done a better job because I've been thinking more like you as our website has, you know, as we tell our story and all the rest of it. So, and you know, I'm happy with the sort of articles. All of that's come off the back of the work we've done together. So I I consider that money well spent even though it hasn't you know it's the revshare bit that we want to we want to crack. I want to make that appealing for you. Go you know what this this business feeds me rev share. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Look, and that's why I'm doing it as well, right? So, this has been the least profitable engagement for me so far, right? Because, you know, the retainer is a third of what it needs to be.  
00:29:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: The ref share hasn't come and so forth. But intellectually, it has been the most rewarding, right? We're I truly believe that we're building a category defining product here. And I love being associated with it. And mate, the same you're the most high IQ and high EQ founder that I've had the pleasure of working with. You know, it takes a proper long-term view on it, which is why I think I could be a lot more useful to you, right? In working with you, I've understood what you struggle with and what you don't. Right? So, you're really good on the product side, the content. So, we're building a category, right? Building that category requires a lot of foundational educational work that needs to be done in a way which is a bit of a slow burn but it builds that authority with you right so INicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: think that's where we can do and ultimately that's going to lead to the only outcome that it leads to is revenue down the line right where you're going into conversations and people are like yeah read that article I know that I love what you've done with  
00:30:43
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So yeah, let's uh let's have that discussion.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. We'll do that. And I, you know, it's it's a hard nut to crack. You know, in one sense,Hassaan Ahmad: Let'sNicholas Clarkson: it might be the hardest nut to crack of your client base, right? because it's it's high value new product enterprise SAS right with a difficult buy multiple buyers potentially but the prize is absolutelyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: enormous and if the prize was easy then everyone would be doing itHassaan Ahmad: absolutely. And just to give you an idea of what I am envisioning doing for you. So you remember that white paper I showed you for my login the other day.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So I sat and I thought what is the best way I could add I could get a CIO saying I want to spend this is where I want to spend five minutes. So I took that white paper and I built this for them which is now an interactiveNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.  
00:31:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: assessment. So you're teaching them that this is what the problem is. You're giving them a way to assess their own exposure. And for you it would be something similar where you'reNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I love it. I love it already.Hassaan Ahmad: likeNicholas Clarkson: This is exactly where my brain was has gone but never had time to do.Hassaan Ahmad: so you've got all of that and the way I worded the questions is the onlyNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: obvious answer is Bible login. like there is no other obvious answer,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So you do that in 5 minutes or less you get to an assessment where it says you've got a problem. This is where the problem so this is your current exposure and again for you this is where your currentNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: governance risks lie what that means for you.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: These are the questions you need to be following up and these are the next steps. So you could email that to someone.  
00:32:37
 Nicholas Clarkson: Where did you build Where did you build this?Hassaan Ahmad: You could ask uh cursor.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um but the thing is with cursor I thinkNicholas Clarkson: You You built it on cursor.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah I don't need code.Nicholas Clarkson: Like what? NoHassaan Ahmad: No look this is the stuff I'm cracking right on how I go howNicholas Clarkson: code.Hassaan Ahmad: when I say I want to build a system. This is what I want to build for you. Now I can just feed it the next thing and the next thing and the next thing and I can churn these out quickly. And this is the kind of you aNicholas Clarkson: I I love it. I love it. Oh, it's also you you could go one for us.Hassaan Ahmad: CTO.Nicholas Clarkson: You go one step above and go right tell us your role and then you get sub questionnaires right within thatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: right you look through theHassaan Ahmad: No. So the way this would work then is you do your top of funnel which is going to be  
00:33:23
 Nicholas Clarkson: lensHassaan Ahmad: your content. So you put a post up which is speaking to the CFOs or something or we put an article up as a call to action to that. It's like hey do this five minute assessment yourself. We're not asking for anything. We're giving you value by saying this is something we've built for people in your role. In our post we've talked about and we've educated on why that problem is. Now you go and assess yourself if that problem matters to you. So you do that assessment and the way we're going to so we're going to rig the game,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: right? The way we rig it is that the only outcome is if somebody's got a problem, you're making it easy for them to say yes.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And you're telling them that, okay, I've got this problem. I need to changeable could be something I want to speak with. You get them in a 15 minute, 30 minute call where you do your thing and we go from there.  
00:34:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: If the person doesn't convert but they've gone through the assessment then we obviously know that that person'sNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: very So there's tracking built in behind it. The more screens a person goes through the better their intent we track.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So there's tracking built in. We can retarget them with other stuff with more educational content and it's so forth. And that's how we build that machine.Nicholas Clarkson: But it can be free value as well, right? That's sort of like their what do you call it?Hassaan Ahmad: That's what it is.Nicholas Clarkson: It's uh it's like a little clinic or um what do you call it? It's a forgotten the word. It's like a free health check of some kind, right? Almost like that, mate.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I love it. Absolutely. That's the direction because people like doing questionnaires fundamentally.Hassaan Ahmad: And andNicholas Clarkson: People like doing questionnaires. It's like a little game.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean you're so there's psychology behind this as well, right?  
00:35:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: So I've taken everything I know about sales and put it behind things like this people. It's not about just curiosity. It's about reducing friction to action. So you're educating somebody that hey this is a problem. Now if I tell you there's a problem where does your mind go? It's like should I care about it? Then I'm giving you a means to answer that question in 5 minutes.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Then I'm giving you a means to do something about it if you've got a problem. Right? So it's making it's it's removing that friction to action. And when you do that, well, Nick, I want to give you a proof point of what that leads to. I'm showing you my uh LinkedIn. This is an incoming message.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Read this message.Nicholas Clarkson: There you go.Hassaan Ahmad: So, this person wants me like he's pitching revenue toNicholas Clarkson: finger.Hassaan Ahmad: me, right? That's what I want to get you to, right?  
00:36:34
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And and that's the method that you've got to do it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You've got to frontload it and I want to do this with you.Nicholas Clarkson: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: But let's haveNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. It's time and investment. Yeah. All right. Well, look, we'll we'll we'll find time this month. We might have bridge equity in the near term anyway.Hassaan Ahmad: aNicholas Clarkson: So I like I what I don't want to do is slow down like I that that it's the same on product. You know, I could slow down on development, but I really don't want to. And uh it's the same on awareness. So yeah, look, let's let's keep talking. But either way, you know, come the end of this year, we'll still be working together. I can I can almost assure you of that. Um you know, it's kind of like-minded thinking from different perspectives, which is exactly what what we need.Hassaan Ahmad: That'sNicholas Clarkson: And it's a it's a skill set that I don't see anyone else in or around the business offering. you have a unique capability there and that's why I believe in what you're doing because IHassaan Ahmad: that's really good to know.Nicholas Clarkson: thinkHassaan Ahmad: And look, I'm not pushy by nature. I'm not going to push you. Right. Whenever you're ready. I' I've shown you this stuff to spark some ideas in your mind.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah and this offers a partHassaan Ahmad: Whenever you're ready, let me know. AndNicholas Clarkson: given you you've kind of got enough knowledge now where a lot of this stuff you can sort of do without me and there there in lies the the window of opportun opport  
Transcription ended after 00:38:25

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
