---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Anneri/Hassaan - Crises Control SQL Engine – 2026/03/18 15:59 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-18T17:14:33.063Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-18T16:36:02.895Z
---


Anneri/Hassaan - Crises Control SQL Engine - Transcript
00:00:00
 Anneri Fourie: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Hello. Good afternoon. How are you?Anneri Fourie: Hi son. I'm good.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well,Anneri Fourie: YouHassaan Ahmad: thank you. How do you pronounce your name before I go any further into the talk?Anneri Fourie: so my name is Aner and I'm based in SouthHassaan Ahmad: All right. Amazing.Anneri Fourie: Africa.Hassaan Ahmad: Any thank you so much for making the time and uh Paul How are you?Anneri Fourie: Oh, we can't hearShalen Sehgal: FebruaryPaul Junior Malinda: Oh, I'm good. How are youHassaan Ahmad: Good. Thank you,Anneri Fourie: you.Hassaan Ahmad: Shin. GoodPaul Junior Malinda: doing?Shalen Sehgal: afternoon.Hassaan Ahmad: afternoon.Shalen Sehgal: I'm just going to be a fly on the wall for this meeting. So, uh, and I'll chip in where I need to.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. All right. Well, Paul, um Paul and thank you so much for making the time. Shannon, thank you for the intro and setting this up. Um, my instinct is to jump right in, but anyway, I'm not sure if Shannon and you had a chance to connect and if you're uh up to speed on the conversation that he and I had earlier this  
00:01:06
 Anneri Fourie: Um yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: week.Anneri Fourie: So basically I know you had a meeting regarding improving the SQLs. Um so that is yeah my extent on the theHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Anneri Fourie: subject.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Okay. Um, that's pretty much correct. So when Achalin and I spoke, he shared some numbers with me. Um he mentioned that you're at 25 SQLs a month roughly right now. You shared a bit about the approaches that you currently have in play, but also mentioned that you are the closest uh to this dayto-day as well as you're the one spearheading, you know, how current how customers currently find crisis control, how they move through the funnel and so forth. So what we agreed was for you to take me through that journey a bit more, help me understand numbers um so that we can pinpoint what the gap is today,Anneri Fourie: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: right? And how we can potentially be a force multiplier to everything that you're doing, right? So to take you from 25 to Sean mentioned 60 um whatever that number is, how do we make that happen together?  
00:02:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's the gist of the call and the conversation. Sean, did I miss anything or is thatShalen Sehgal: I think that's right. I'm not sure whether those numbers are exactly right, but I think that's right. We want to engage your services to help us increase the number of SQLs we can generate per month.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay, thatShalen Sehgal: And at the moment, Anory looks after the uh production of SQLs per month,Hassaan Ahmad: isShalen Sehgal: if you like, including the website, managing the website, and all the little things that go um go on to uh obtain uh these SQL leads per month. So, um yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Shalen Sehgal: So, so that's where we are. Um is 60 a reasonable number, etc. Uh I'm not sure.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll get to that in this call as well. So, I'll ask you a bunch of questions,Shalen Sehgal: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: but on the back end of that, what I would do is pull up my screen and I'm working through a spreadsheet, which basically has the numbers in there.  
00:03:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, we'd answer that question on is 60 a reasonable number.Anneri Fourie: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, if not, what is the number that we need to hit in order to get to the our revenue target, whatever that is,Shalen Sehgal: I'm really sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: and what are some of the other levers that we can pull? Yeah,Shalen Sehgal: Guess what?Hassaan Ahmad: there's more than one ways to skin a cat or skin this cat in particular.Anneri Fourie: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you know, there's probably stuff that we could do to improve the conversion quality, um, the deal velocity and so forth. You get to the same number, but through a different route rather than just optimizing for SQLs. Okay. Um, so let's maybe start with that.Anneri Fourie: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, Shan, you give me the number 60, but what's the revenue target? We never really got to discuss it. So,Shalen Sehgal: What's this?Hassaan Ahmad: what additional ARR are we looking for?Shalen Sehgal: £500,000Hassaan Ahmad: For some reason, I put exactly that in my spreadsheet.  
00:04:01
 Shalen Sehgal: myHassaan Ahmad: Okay. So,Shalen Sehgal: mind.Hassaan Ahmad: £500,000 then gives us and you mentioned your meetings to close opportunity ratio is about four. So, every four meetingsShalen Sehgal: So one in 25 what's the uh SQL to customer conversion rate?Anneri Fourie: Ooh. So, one moment. Let me get my sheets.Shalen Sehgal: My assumption is or my suspicionAnneri Fourie: Just opening my sheet.Shalen Sehgal: is enough applications which theirAnneri Fourie: So, if we get 25,Shalen Sehgal: dataAnneri Fourie: I would say we close about like four customers a month. WeShalen Sehgal: yeah as a ratio of what's the percentage ofHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Anneri Fourie: win.Shalen Sehgal: SQL over this whole year divided by new customers sorry new customers divided by number of new customers divided by SQLs. What's thatAnneri Fourie: Okay. One moment.Shalen Sehgal: ratio?Anneri Fourie: in our sheet.Shalen Sehgal: you know branches which was fine on Saturday wasn'tAnneri Fourie: So ratio I think would be about what two correct?Shalen Sehgal: evenHassaan Ahmad: two  
00:05:25
 Anneri Fourie: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: twoShalen Sehgal: 2% the number of new customersAnneri Fourie: Yes.Shalen Sehgal: divided by SQL so what how many new customers have we generated over the last 12 months 13 dividedAnneri Fourie: 13. Yes.Shalen Sehgal: SQLAnneri Fourie: SQL's is 115.Shalen Sehgal: 13 divided by 115 is about 10%.Anneri Fourie: Oh, yeah. Yeah, you're correct.Shalen Sehgal: Let me just tell the maths. Let me do the math.Hassaan Ahmad: Can you explit?Shalen Sehgal: 14ID 125 10.4%Hassaan Ahmad: UhAnneri Fourie: Please.Shalen Sehgal: 4%.Hassaan Ahmad: that sounds much much moreShalen Sehgal: Yeah. 0.25% is,Hassaan Ahmad: reasonable.Shalen Sehgal: you know, let's pack it in now territory. Yeah. IHassaan Ahmad: Yes, I'll walk you through those numbers.Shalen Sehgal: mean,Hassaan Ahmad: Um and can you give me a split of what SQL is by channel? So you've got SEO. Do you track that? So how many areAnneri Fourie: Yes. So SEO is about 86 so far. So organ most of all of our things or let's say like 95% would be  
00:06:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Anneri Fourie: organic. So SEO and then we only pay currently for GDM. So 10 and let's see here 103 is from our organic and then the rest is from our paid.Hassaan Ahmad: when you what's the other thing? So what what areShalen Sehgal: Okay,Anneri Fourie: Oh so everything is organic except for we only pay for GDM which is capta get up andHassaan Ahmad: youAnneri Fourie: software advice. So from the 115 SQLs 12 came from the pay GDMHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Anneri Fourie: the rest is everything organic.Shalen Sehgal: also theHassaan Ahmad: Okay. So everything I'm going to call it referrals if that's okay.Anneri Fourie: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Anneri Fourie: that'sHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: We have direct costs against that uh 12.Anneri Fourie: fine.Shalen Sehgal: It's about £1,000 a month. So 12,000 is the 12,000 um is the number. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, you pay youShalen Sehgal: The do cost for PPC. Yeah. Well,Hassaan Ahmad: pay,000.Shalen Sehgal: we we pay a No, no, no, no.  
00:07:39
 Shalen Sehgal: We pay a thousand for the presence of our advert on that particular website and that particular website you know some people go to andHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: they uh come to our uh website they have a little readound and they inquire. If they inquire they count on the 12 12 have inquired over the last 12 months and we pay £12,000 per month.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: So the cost per lead if you like is 1,000.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Anneri Fourie: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What's the intent of those leads when they come in and they inquire? How many of those typically convert to an opportunity?Shalen Sehgal: of memory.Hassaan Ahmad: All of them.Anneri Fourie: So from um the GDM we generated in total I saidShalen Sehgal: YouAnneri Fourie: 12 so 16. So from the 1612 converted into SQLs. So I would say the intent is quite they are interested. So how GDM works it's like a comparative or review website.Shalen Sehgal: Okay.Anneri Fourie: So they can compare us with competitors and based on that they can make a decision.  
00:08:46
 Anneri Fourie: So um I must say most because I'm at the front end of inquiries and the ones thatShalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Anneri Fourie: come from GDM are I would say legit. So they have the correct email. The messaging they say is quite clear what they're interested in and it would be like for mass certification or incidentHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Anneri Fourie: management. So we get junk from that.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Anneri Fourie: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Shalen Sehgal: However,Hassaan Ahmad: you that's fine. So 12 converted into MQLs and of that we said about 25% convert to an opportunity. Correct.Anneri Fourie: Yeah, I think that's said.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Actually, let's double click on that.Anneri Fourie: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So um this ratio is quite high but of the incoming inquiries that you're getting you'reShalen Sehgal: relax.Hassaan Ahmad: the front point of contact. You qualify them.Anneri Fourie: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: How many do you then pass on to the sales team as this is a legitimate opportunity for you to work in?  
00:09:39
 Anneri Fourie: So how our process works is they would inquire a demo or a call with us and I get the email. So they will go onto our website, fill in a form with the inquiry or a comment. Based on that, I will go check out whether the company is legit or a real company. For example, is it a Gmail account or actual company email? What do they ask for? What regions are they based in? And then I will start reaching out to them asking them questions and then they book a call with sales and then from sale there sales will do a discovery call and then either qualify them into the SQL or deal space or they will be yeah chucked outShalen Sehgal: So from our understanding, our definitions are 16 came in as leads which are MQLs andAnneri Fourie: Please.Shalen Sehgal: after qualification what percentage or what number turn into SQLs which is real genuine opportunity is 12.Hassaan Ahmad: Correct.Shalen Sehgal: So 16 MQLs 12 SQLs and of those 12 SQLs um and it would be interesting to see specifically what how many of those 12 have converted into new customers.  
00:10:51
 Shalen Sehgal: Uh I knowAnneri Fourie: From the top of my head, last time I checked it was about four, but I can go back and just double check on Bitrix for you, Shalon.Shalen Sehgal: Fine. Can we can we can you do thatHassaan Ahmad: Reloading.Shalen Sehgal: now?Anneri Fourie: Yep. OneShalen Sehgal: So, if you can just show the 12 leads,Anneri Fourie: moment.Shalen Sehgal: I'll be able to tell you which ones are customers and which ones are not.Anneri Fourie: Uh, but chicks would be able to tell me. Just give me a moment. JustShalen Sehgal: Yeah.Anneri Fourie: filtering.Shalen Sehgal: What they're effectively saying, right? Right. Now we we we dump it all into one state and various other fields to organize the data including names. Right. That's it. Is it? Yeah. We just put it in one folder. One folder. But they start creating parent child and child structures, right? Sure.Anneri Fourie: Can I tell you the name Shelon?  
00:12:12
 Anneri Fourie: So we have SAODA corp island uh yourShalen Sehgal: If youAnneri Fourie: ITQ Bank of London Essence.Shalen Sehgal: reciteAnneri Fourie: Um so these are just from Capter St. Helen's College for this year and then get up.Shalen Sehgal: withAnneri Fourie: Get up. We had Veramed Schwartz Group,Shalen Sehgal: pressure.Anneri Fourie: Carrie Olen and Colleio Everest and then soft. Yeah, that's it. Those are the onesShalen Sehgal: That wasn't 12Anneri Fourie: for the good ones.Hassaan Ahmad: No problem.Shalen Sehgal: SQL 12 SQLs from Capterra. All that wasn't 12 that youHassaan Ahmad: What I understood was 16 came in as leads,Shalen Sehgal: listedHassaan Ahmad: 12 converted to SQLs and of which four have converted to customers.Shalen Sehgal: action plan folder incident assets. I don't know about the of which for converted to customers. That's what we're trying to work out now.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: I'm just waiting for an action when you create a new one the system create a new one add an asset right so here it says asset type file name okay that's what it's the asset type if you look down the folder structure there are two yellows  
00:13:55
 Anneri Fourie: Where's the other two?Shalen Sehgal: already document, video, audio website. Okay, what we could do is could this work for asset type, right? If they want to give us folder names, could we create those folder names for them? supply those but really a major change of the system as well is possible technically it's possible but that's a lot of change as said then you see again IAnneri Fourie: Oh, that's theShalen Sehgal: I problem I mean is it that they don'tAnneri Fourie: issue.Shalen Sehgal: know the file name and they look at it by going into folder one and folder two then looking you know the content of a folder there I mean if they don't know the folder name if they don't know the assetAnneri Fourie: I'm getting pen. I'm looking for the other two. That's according to the sheet.Shalen Sehgal: Back toAnneri Fourie: Shots, but I'm not getting the other two now. Oh, here's one. The glass house. I think Mandra worked on that one. Is the other one.  
00:15:49
 Anneri Fourie: And then for this month there was, let me just check.Hassaan Ahmad: And uh Shen, while Aner is looking at that, could you just confirm if what was the time frame we're looking at? Is it 16 came in in a month, quarter, year?Shalen Sehgal: in theHassaan Ahmad: In the year.Shalen Sehgal: yearHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Is that consistent?Shalen Sehgal: April to April. April 25 to AprilHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Is that consistent?Shalen Sehgal: 26.Hassaan Ahmad: Like is that the run rate that you expect or were there any outliers?Anneri Fourie: Oh, Sorry y'all.Shalen Sehgal: HenryAnneri Fourie: I'm lookingHassaan Ahmad: Is that is that so about one a month?Anneri Fourie: atHassaan Ahmad: Well, 1.2 a month. Is that consistent run rate of leads that you get from the GDMAnneri Fourie: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: channel?Anneri Fourie: So I would say one a month if you break it down in average.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Gotcha. Good.Anneri Fourie: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um I'm just conscious of time. So I want to talk about the blog as well.  
00:17:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: So obviously this is a really good conversion ratio which given the spend and the channel makes sense. Tell me about the MQL so email to SQL conversion of the blogs as well. You mentioned that you got about 86 well about 100 fromAnneri Fourie: Yes. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: it.Anneri Fourie: so for blogs,Shalen Sehgal: GodHassaan Ahmad: Sorry.Anneri Fourie: how that works is with blogs,Hassaan Ahmad: Is that during the year? Yeah. So, was the 86 number that you gave me,Shalen Sehgal: bless.Anneri Fourie: can you throughHassaan Ahmad: was that a monthly number or the April to April 12-month number?Anneri Fourie: April to April was 86, but that Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Anneri Fourie: So that was organic Google which I would say is blogs um or more SEO.Shalen Sehgal: WhatAnneri Fourie: So for we just recently put in a UTM to track blogs.Shalen Sehgal: happened?Anneri Fourie: Um so that's I can't give you an accurate number on that specifically whether they went into the blog andHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Anneri Fourie: then inquired but 86 was it 86 from um organic Google  
00:18:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Anneri Fourie: uh that is throughout the year and I can give it to you quarterly as well if youHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: Awesome.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm more interested in the conversion at this point.Anneri Fourie: want.Hassaan Ahmad: So 86 came in. How many of them got qualified to SQL? So, real opportunities that the team started workingShalen Sehgal: Come on.Hassaan Ahmad: on.Anneri Fourie: Oh, I will have to dive into that because I break it down by month. So, if you want like really pinpointed, then I need to go look into our KPI sheet.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, no worries. Um,Anneri Fourie: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: would you be able to tell at this point how many of those actually converted to sale?Anneri Fourie: Now, I will have to go and look into our CRM and then our KPI sheet to give you exact.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Anneri Fourie: Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Anneri Fourie: I don't want to make somethingShalen Sehgal: I don't know whether we can say 86 MQLs have been generated from social  
00:18:50
 Anneri Fourie: up.Shalen Sehgal: media organic organic.Anneri Fourie: Organic Google. So organic SEO activity. Yes. Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: All right. Fine.Anneri Fourie: But if he wants if I want like specific which one cames from blogs or social media whatever then I'll just have to go and dive into it and then I can give him a list of that accurateShalen Sehgal: f***.Anneri Fourie: list.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that would be helpful once we get into it. But for now,Shalen Sehgal: f***.Hassaan Ahmad: what I would what I'm trying to get to is, you know, a baseline figure of what is coming in, how much are you converting is what that tells us is two things. One is how good your channel alignment is. So obviously GDM's great. If you're getting 33% conversion, that's pretty good. Um, of those 86 coming in, obviously some you're going to disqualify.Shalen Sehgal: That'sHassaan Ahmad: But if one in every four is converting into an opportunity and one in every three of those opportunities converting into revenue,  
00:19:50
 Shalen Sehgal: IHassaan Ahmad: that's good enough. What that points towards is that you have strong message marketShalen Sehgal: don'tHassaan Ahmad: fit. So the problem then is getting that message in front of other people to bring them along the journey of right now and typically I'm sure you know this 60% or so of your target population is currently unaware. They're either not aware of the problem or not aware of the solution or both.Shalen Sehgal: atHassaan Ahmad: You've got to bring them along the journey. the more you bring in through the funnel and you nurture them with your SEO,Shalen Sehgal: leastHassaan Ahmad: you target them with the emails that you're doing, the better the velocity is going to be. The more qualified and aware they come in, the faster they're going to move through the funnel. Um, and the greater your opportunity of getting more revenue from them is going to be. But that's uh that's one one I'm sure that's nothing new to you.Shalen Sehgal: Thank youHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: forHassaan Ahmad: So with that context then what we discussed was a way to increase the size of the funnel.  
00:20:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: So how do we go from 25 to whatever it it is that we need to inShalen Sehgal: listen.Hassaan Ahmad: order to get to the 500k additional MR number.Anneri Fourie: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Let me share my screen again. So, can you see it now? So, Shan, you might remember this from Monday.Anneri Fourie: Yes.Shalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: ACV is 30K. Your meetings to qualified opportunity ratio is four. Um, you want 500k in additional revenue, which means you've got to close 17 additional deals in order to get to this additional number.Shalen Sehgal: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: anything becomes unclear, let me know. I'll be more than happy to go test it.Shalen Sehgal: CliffHassaan Ahmad: You want to target 3x pipeline cover, which is why I was asking the question. So, what pipeline cover do you need in order to get to that number,Shalen Sehgal: 17. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: which that you really need to be running 50 additional ops in order toShalen Sehgal: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: guarantee that you will hit that 500k number.  
00:22:03
 Shalen Sehgal: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: 50 additional ops is going to require 200 additional meetings during the year.Shalen Sehgal: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: 200 net new meetings for you to hit this number.Shalen Sehgal: what theyHassaan Ahmad: Divided into monthly,Shalen Sehgal: actuallyHassaan Ahmad: you should be targeting 17 additional meetings for the math to work.Shalen Sehgal: if they just email what they complainHassaan Ahmad: Now, what I have over here is a cost per meeting. So, what's your track right now, Anorene?Shalen Sehgal: about.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you track that your cost per meeting and cost per acquisition? Okay, so that's a helpful number to know. Well,Anneri Fourie: now.Hassaan Ahmad: that's an essential number to know because it allows for you to budget. But um the industry benchmark is around 200 to 500 depending onShalen Sehgal: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: how good you are,Anneri Fourie: All right.Shalen Sehgal: obviously.Hassaan Ahmad: how good your messaging is, how mature your funnel is and so forth. I put in 250 because that's what we see across well we see lower than that across most of our customers but 250 is a healthy number to have.  
00:23:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: So Shannon this is the number that you should keep in mind that if you wanted to hit this this is the minimum you should be thinking about spending on paid advertisement on LinkedIn if at this cost per meeting.Shalen Sehgal: suggest. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Awesome.Shalen Sehgal: So the the the um so it's it you know everything's all about LinkedIn advertising. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: There's a reason for that,Shalen Sehgal: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: but yes, complete your thought and then let me respond to it.Shalen Sehgal: so based on us adding LinkedIn advertising to try and achieve 200 MQLs uh SQLsHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: per year or 17 SQLs per month,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: the expected spend is 4,100 uh on LinkedIn advertising per month to uh to achieve That's the that's the high levelHassaan Ahmad: That is the high level plan based on this number.Shalen Sehgal: plan.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Now the levers that we can pull are either bringing this number down cost per meetingShalen Sehgal: Okay. Cost per meeting. So if you make that one pound,  
00:24:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: improving.Shalen Sehgal: how does that change everything?Hassaan Ahmad: This is what happens.Shalen Sehgal: Okay. Fine.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: So the cost perHassaan Ahmad: If you bring it to 150,Shalen Sehgal: meeting.Hassaan Ahmad: that's what it is. Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: So we we don't account for cost per meeting because we don't do time sheets of salespeople's time and you know all this kind of stuff or marketingHassaan Ahmad: It's not. Yeah, that's a good point.Shalen Sehgal: people.Hassaan Ahmad: So, it's not what it c it's not a blended fully loaded cost per meeting. It is purely what it brings what it costs to bring someone to the salesperson. Okay?Shalen Sehgal: up until that to bring. So it's the marketingHassaan Ahmad: It's the marketing cost.Shalen Sehgal: cost.Hassaan Ahmad: It's the advertisement cost of bringing that meeting to the salesperson. Now the levers that I was talking about are that we could try to influenceShalen Sehgal: They should let everybody know.Hassaan Ahmad: that the lower we bring that cost per meeting the lower your ad spend  
00:25:22
 Shalen Sehgal: I would rather be involved inHassaan Ahmad: is nothing up till this point changes the math.Shalen Sehgal: anHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What changes the math in terms of your budget is this. So what cost per meeting we're doing but also can we influence this? So if we were to increase the meeting quality so that one in everyShalen Sehgal: understand.Hassaan Ahmad: three meetings converts to an opportunity your spend go gets lower. So you're pulling the quality lever to manage your spend better.Shalen Sehgal: And that's where the problemHassaan Ahmad: So even if the cost per meeting was this you're already saving 25% simply because you pulledAnneri Fourie: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that. Now you could try to go for a tighter pipeline cover as well. I wouldn't recommend it. The third lever that most people try to pull is the average contract value. So if we target the pricing side of things and you can go for aShalen Sehgal: effectivelyHassaan Ahmad: higher ticket value.Shalen Sehgal: groupHassaan Ahmad: So if that goes from let's say 32 to 35,000 even if nothing else changes, you're still looking at an impact on this number.  
00:26:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: Does that make sense?Shalen Sehgal: memories because you know who the originalHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So your three labels again just to summarize are your cost per meeting which is going to beShalen Sehgal: Don'tHassaan Ahmad: my job. So how do I target people in the most efficient manner that it leads to theShalen Sehgal: send it.Hassaan Ahmad: cheapest cost per meeting for you.Shalen Sehgal: They send it.Hassaan Ahmad: The second is this again I would own this is how do I bring in the rightAnneri Fourie: Hey.Hassaan Ahmad: quality of the people in so that at least one in everyShalen Sehgal: There is a catch.Hassaan Ahmad: two meetings preferably more converts into a qualified opportunity.Shalen Sehgal: So message andHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we do that through better targeting.Shalen Sehgal: thereHassaan Ahmad: The contract value is stuff that I can influence but I don't control it. How do I influence it is by going to market with problemaw aare messaging so that when someone starts coming acrossShalen Sehgal: was the first one.Hassaan Ahmad: you they already start putting subconsciously a business case together.  
00:27:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: We're heightening that cost of inaction conversation inShalen Sehgal: It'sHassaan Ahmad: their head so that when they comes in they already know that okay it's going to cost me 50k to fix this problem or whatever.Shalen Sehgal: allHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So that's how you pull that labor but that would come down to you and the seller on the ground to actually execute that. Okay.Shalen Sehgal: set the function. Okay. Even if I show the correct number. Yeah, understood. of you all participHassaan Ahmad: Okay, now there's a whole science and math behind how do we bring this number as low as possible. But Aner probably knows this much better than um others in the room is theShalen Sehgal: If you firstHassaan Ahmad: whole aware stage to well unaware to aware to so forth,Shalen Sehgal: set that purpose isHassaan Ahmad: right? We go in with highly specific top offunnelShalen Sehgal: somethingHassaan Ahmad: ads. Get people aware to the extent that they just go through the funnel really quickly with  
00:28:35
 Shalen Sehgal: of let me TwoHassaan Ahmad: you. Yeah. Do that. We do the top of funnel correct. Everything else becomes easy.Shalen Sehgal: users,Hassaan Ahmad: And this is where your existing efforts become a force multiplier.Shalen Sehgal: threeHassaan Ahmad: Once we capture it,Shalen Sehgal: users,Hassaan Ahmad: this is all a data game at the end. So once we capture the leads or loginins you have amazing content you start hitting them withShalen Sehgal: twoHassaan Ahmad: your emails and so forth. So what that happens is there is multi-touch multi multiple touch points goingAnneri Fourie: No.Hassaan Ahmad: on which means that if somebody right now takes about three months to four monthsShalen Sehgal: I thinkHassaan Ahmad: to come to a point where they take a call with you that happens faster.Shalen Sehgal: all incident effectivelyHassaan Ahmad: They come to the call much more aware, much more ready to have more informed dialogue with you.Shalen Sehgal: saidHassaan Ahmad: So they're not in information gathering space at that point.Shalen Sehgal: yes.Hassaan Ahmad: They are more in a problem.  
00:29:31
 Shalen Sehgal: We could hearHassaan Ahmad: I know you guys solve this. Tell me how you solve it. Yeah. So that's going to be the approach. That's going to be if we do this,Shalen Sehgal: previousHassaan Ahmad: this is what we would do. The only question is does that fit into what you were planning? And if not,Shalen Sehgal: I think so. Yeah, I mean we need to see an overall proposal. But I think based on those numbers, it's reasonable to to suggest a proposal. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: When we receive that proposal, we can come back with feedback as to whether this is right or this is not right or we haven't got that much money or we have or let's do more or do less, etc.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um what I would propose is we do a pilot anyway. So we run a pilot for a quarter. See how that goes. Um that would give us two answers very quickly.Shalen Sehgal: Yeah.  
00:30:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: One is does this work for you or not? Pretty sure the answer is going to be yes, but you need to be convinced more than me. The second is um what is our baseline metrics? So right now we're starting off a clean slate. We have no metrics.Shalen Sehgal: Hold up.Hassaan Ahmad: We have nothing to base anything on. So that would establish what the floor is. And that is when I run pilots. This is my goal.Shalen Sehgal: What was theHassaan Ahmad: I don't commit to giving you 14 meetings. I give you I commit to giving you meetings at the lowest possible cost per meeting because that then allows usShalen Sehgal: image?Hassaan Ahmad: to scale. Does that make sense? So even if we get seven in the pilot phase, seven per month or five per month, we're getting them, we're able to get them at 100 or 150 per meeting. That's a win for me because that means you can then go to your board and your decision- making committee and say, "All right, now I know what my unit economics is and I can ask for this much budget and give you what ROI would be." So that would be my goal.  
00:31:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, does that work forShalen Sehgal: I think so.Hassaan Ahmad: you?Shalen Sehgal: Yeah. I mean, like I say, uh without repeating myself, I need to see the proposal.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Shalen Sehgal: Um but yes um based on that logic um yeahHassaan Ahmad: cool.Shalen Sehgal: let's let's see the proposal um andHassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. When you Well, two questions for me then for the proposal.Shalen Sehgal: takeHassaan Ahmad: When you typically get these proposals and you are evaluating a solution, what does that proposal need to have for you in order to have to make an informed decision?Shalen Sehgal: um You want me to write the proposal for you?Hassaan Ahmad: No, just tell me what you need included in it.Shalen Sehgal: So um so the number of you know what we're looking for is the number of SQLs to increase.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shalen Sehgal: Um the effort involved in or the cost involved in taking those SQLs to customers is out of scope really for you. But the the number of SQLs per month happening through the channel that you uh have selected or what we call the fishing net that you've selected um is LinkedIn campaigns.  
00:32:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Mhm.Shalen Sehgal: Um you know it it needs to have some level of forecast and uh accountability for the number of leads we generate through thatHassaan Ahmad: Sure.Shalen Sehgal: SQLs we generate through LinkedIn. That'sHassaan Ahmad: You need a financial forecast,Shalen Sehgal: it.Hassaan Ahmad: business case. It's okay. Yeah. The usual stuff. Good. Um, cool.Shalen Sehgal: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: And is it just going to be you that makes the decision or whoShalen Sehgal: I'll need to take it to my board. Um, but yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shalen Sehgal: um, we can be pretty rapid.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. What kind of timeline are we looking at?Shalen Sehgal: Well, if you get it to me by the end of today, then I have a board meeting tomorrow morning,Hassaan Ahmad: What time?Shalen Sehgal: 9:00 a.m.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, I will work on that.Shalen Sehgal: The numberHassaan Ahmad: Good stuff. Um, anything that we have missed. Okay.Shalen Sehgal: toHassaan Ahmad: All right. Um, I have to ask because the board meeting is tomorrow.Shalen Sehgal: onlyHassaan Ahmad: Is this a purely financial discussion? So is it going to be is the decision going to be based on the ROI and the financial forecast or is there other factorsShalen Sehgal: Main factor is ROI.Hassaan Ahmad: that need to be okay.Shalen Sehgal: There are other factors but the main factor is ROI.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Leave that with me then. I'll work on it and I can send across some stuff to you. If I have questions I'll shoot an email to you both. Um if you can get back to me in a timely manner that would be appreciated. Amazing. All right. Well, thank you so much. Take care.  
Transcription ended after 00:34:33

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
