---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Catch Up – 2025/05/28 16:00 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:39:59.562Z
meeting_date: 2025-05-28T15:33:16.867Z
---


Catch Up - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: So now but that's within meta rightAdnan Khan: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: the buyer buyer could supplyAdnan Khan: but I'm getting screwed, man.Hassaan Ahmad: What do you mean hit party?Adnan Khan: Uh, they're coming back at like 130.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. 16.Adnan Khan: I need to get to at least 169, 170.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: I refuse to round. No one will match those. So,Hassaan Ahmad: f***.Adnan Khan: so yeah. So I think it's just thatHassaan Ahmad: But take home.Adnan Khan: I think so. I think so. Something like that though. I mean I will survive. It's just it's just the saving side of it man that gets hammered.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Adnan Khan: Did he confirm that he would come?Hassaan Ahmad: he didn't. He was like, I'm flexible. Thanks,Adnan Khan: Your call has been forwarded to voicemail. The person you're trying to reach is not available. I would assume not.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Okay. I think let's just quickly align.  
00:02:26
 Adnan Khan: Let's make use of the meeting.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Uh a couple of things on my agenda. I just want to start the call with you're expensive and I don't know what you do. So I need you to define right create the role for you capabilities. What what do you want to do right? Oh, you know everything that we're trying to do. WhereAdnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: can you help? Take let him talk see what he comes up with and then obviously we can voluntell him a few things as wellAdnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right because I need him to be excited. I need him to own fully own what he wants toAdnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the part he says that he needs to do. So with that bit aside, the other things that we want to or I want to give him is the entire top of the funnelAdnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: ads to run. So think of yourself as marketing meta ads. You're running it for now.  
00:03:37
 Adnan Khan: Yeah. That's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: He owns the email side of things for both remoteier and clients.Adnan Khan: There you go.Hassaan Ahmad: goal the outcome that he is targeting is fill up the calendarAdnan Khan: For just remote here, right?Hassaan Ahmad: for remote year and creative score and genie I mean score eventually genie oh man I need to vent but I'll vent about I'll vent laterAdnan Khan: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: because I see this as a repeatable stack rightAdnan Khan: HHassaan Ahmad: a repeatable kind of thing if he can figure this out for one he can figure this out forAdnan Khan: that's what it is like landing page be it takes time but it took less time than the first time aroundHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: right so the time will start to drop I think LinkedIn ads also ohHassaan Ahmad: Oh, jee.Adnan Khan: NumberAdeel Khan: HelloHassaan Ahmad: Bro,Adeel Khan: map fit for option.Hassaan Ahmad: good time.Adeel Khan: Good. Yes, you're all good. Huh? Uhhuh.Adnan Khan: Should we do video off?  
00:05:21
 Adnan Khan: Yeah, you're okay. Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: AreAdnan Khan: IHassaan Ahmad: youAdnan Khan: can hear you. You're fine.Adeel Khan: Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: good?Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, Adil basically we well I wanted to talk because frankly speaking man you're quite expensive and I have no idea what you do or what you should be doing. So I know you are a Swiss Army knife that bit but I know right. I don't know how to use you. So how do I use you man? What is it that you are capable of doing? What is your skill set? And knowing everything you know about what we're trying to do, where can we use you, man?Adeel Khan: from LinkedIn ads a second like for remote that is second uh the other stuff basically uh I can build you a strategy but it's like for let's say uh strategy I can make that strategy I can be a part of that strategy in terms of like uh let's say you're making me do ads so I can I can run ads I can own ads all of it main uh main expertise is paid ads  
00:06:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: uh take care like the other stuff revops it's more like automations banana systems banana uh I I I can do cold email I can do that kind of stuff but it's not something I normally do, but uh I might not be the best at it. Like I probably suck at it, but I I can make my what do you call it? But like for example, I can probably do a better job than what uh RSDRs have been doing in terms of quality. But uhHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: why can't like guarantee anything there for ads? I can guarantee Kushna you will get at the end of it rather than like totally s******* the bed. IfHassaan Ahmad: See,Adeel Khan: if it is going that way I'll probably let you know like 30 days in advance.Hassaan Ahmad: fair. Fair enough, man. Okay. So, what I'm hearing is paid ads, automations, and cold email, right? In in summary. Yeah.Adeel Khan: automations and systems like CRM but we can't afford that like so this doesn't no point in  
00:08:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, honestly I think so this is good to know and that's what I thought you were doing as well. Um when the things break about we will come to text right I want to pull that and I want to sunset it Google sheets manage we only have what one client right now right not really when we have two, three, four clients, we can figure out what the best kind of strategy looks like if it's worth us having a single CRM for everybody. Yeah. Everybody gets their own or something like that and then we can kind of revisit that. Make sense?Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah, I agree. We don't need tech stack like we don't need a lot of automations as well because we can't we don't need it like we can't afford it.Hassaan Ahmad: What kind of budget do you think I mean we only have what two grand right two two and a half one grand a month basically is what we have pounds what do you think we can realistically achieve with it  
00:09:34
 Adeel Khan: two grandHassaan Ahmad: one grand aAdeel Khan: one grand a month. Yeah, I'm not sure. Uh usually testing testing like I can't confirm with the ground but we'll probably get traction on if it's working or not I think but it's too it's too less like I can't give you a short thing but let's sayAdnan Khan: Do you doAdeel Khan: I'llAdnan Khan: you reckonAdeel Khan: target sorryAdnan Khan: do you reckon there is a strategy around there somewhere? If you do 40 a dayAdeel Khan: Yeah. Uh, dude, it's like uh you need to spend like so with paid ads, you need to a spend money, but you also need to give everything 3 months at least. It's not like uh you kill the switch the next day and all that because uh algorithm first. It's like you're reaching out to a cold audience, right? They don't really know you. Uh that takes a month or that takes a two month uh process. So that's just your branding element.  
00:10:44
 Adeel Khan: B2B sometimes that cold audience also they'll definitely uh book a demo with you to find out more if your offer is good if you're like if it makes sense for them you'll probably get a demo as well but you don't know that at the start of it. So even like 4050 a day spread out. So there's consistencyAdnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: uh because you can't like right now this week might be good because there's no tariffs come and all that people are like huh maybe we can do it next week let's say Trump uh so there's like overall market that's never constant it's always fluctuation that's why you always need to have like a time period plus a money amount you can do 4,000 5,000 spend you probably still get more information than spending 5,000 in a month becauseAdnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: It's veryAdnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: pirates. It's very skewed.Adnan Khan: So I I think like and I'm looking at Hassan. I think at this point we're pretty committed to spend like giving it three months.  
00:11:49
 Adnan Khan: That was just b*******, man. We we both we both were like cussing each other off back on oneonone chats. But I think with remote year we're we're open to doing it for three months.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, with remote man it's it's quite simple. The reason I'm saying a,000 a month is because that's what realistically I can see myself committing um as ad spend budget like for 6 months right something like that so that's something that's sustainable right I don't want to give you tina and then next month I'm like sorry bro at the moment right I want to give you a budget and I want you to have the confidence I'm going to have this for the next three months and I'm going to I'm going to have the time to have my strategy play out. So that's that's where we're going with that. You're on mute, man. If you're talking, I don't know. Um Kimo ChoAdnan Khan: I think that was a beautiful delivery, man. I hope I I I don't know if you heard the last  
00:13:05
 Adeel Khan: Sorry, sorry I heard you guys. Uh mic, but yeah, I agree. Uh I would rather also keep it consistent and then that's not smart at all. We can check it. It's like when we started first sometimes the platform rewards you as well. So that's literally on if that's the case then we can push more money into it. like demos. You think they're like really good demos, so then we can put more money into it and press it out. But again, it's like if it's working or not working, if it's the right offer, if it's nothing, it's just like shooting in the air. Uh, isHassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Adeel Khan: this all right? Is this all right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, man. Um yeah, completely agree. I don't want you to get frustrated as well, right? I want you to see the fruits of your labor because ultimately this becomes something that you can commit full-time to, right? This becomes the thing that you have. So, and this only happens if one, our offer works, and two, you enjoyed what you're doing, right?  
00:14:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: So those are the two goals and a th000 a month is something that I can commit to. So as soon as 10 minutes from now if you guys want to, right? I don't I have the money. I can I can transfer the money. I can give you guys access. So this is your show, right? You guys run it. You guys decide how you want to do it. I can help with the offer. I can do whatever you want me to do. But this is your show and the outcome that I'm looking for is just a full calendar. Well, not a full calendar. Just something happening in my calendar.Adnan Khan: I think the other the other thing worth calling out since we're having this conversation. I have a habit of getting in the way of a deal. So, I think what I can also do is I think it's better if a deal is like the point person for like paid ads like he he's spent obviously I've spent zero on LinkedIn.  
00:15:40
 Adnan Khan: He spent definitely more than a few grand on LinkedIn. So, he has more experience. I think he should run it. I can be the support character if he needs like creatives landing pages update like anything on the tech side like thank you page I can play that role so that way like outcomes or outcomes will be just like better measurable. I think we're starting with LinkedIn so I don't think we're at meta ads level just yet. I think we can when we get to that we can have that conversation but LinkedIn ads start. So I think what we're saying is LinkedIn ads real drives it. I'll play a supporting character. Uh we'll commit to three months obviously subject to like we'll see how it goes like month over month. That's what that's where like that's what I'm hearing from both of you.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, you happy with it?Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah, that's fine. Uh I I only ch for remote here.Hassaan Ahmad: F not just remote here man.  
00:16:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: So I'll come to the other points that is that is the most important bit because that is what will keep us in the business for the long term. We do have some short-term things that I need you to focus on as well. That was about cold emails. Given that we don't we don't have an SDR, right? And we still have to show some sort of results to Gary. I think we should continue the cold email campaign, right? Or let let's let you and I both work on the messaging, right? I can help you with the messaging. I can help you with what the offer needs to be. I can help you with 10 different variations of the offer, right? But then after that, I don't know jack s*** about the tech stack. So, you're going to need to own that. And I think that's something that we should figure out anyway because we should have a multi- channelannel approach for everything that we do, right? LinkedIn ads.  
00:17:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: We should be running an email campaign for remoteier as well as our clients whoever those clients are right it's developing capability while we are executing so that's also something that I would like you to ownAdeel Khan: Yeah, like we're already like once you told me to launch the domains and the softwareHassaan Ahmad: AllAdeel Khan: that's being run messaging. Yes, we can uh work on basically the main key list even for remote tiers case. Uh but the text that automation that's already working so we don't need to really uh worry about that uh because that set up score case. There's five domains, 10 mailboxes.Hassaan Ahmad: right.Adeel Khan: Uh, and we're reaching out to those Apollo list. Apollo list is like inactive, but we're sending like 150 emails a day and all that.Hassaan Ahmad: Take itAdeel Khan: Because uh, what do you call it? We basically didn't warm them up or so. So, they're like very easy spam and all that.Hassaan Ahmad: again, man. I trust what you're doing. Right. The the goal is again Creative.  
00:19:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: I need to bring you guys up to speed onAdeel Khan: AnyHassaan Ahmad: that or basically f******Adeel Khan: short short don't need to go in the long story because I thinkHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: No ranting.Hassaan Ahmad: Long story.Adnan Khan: NoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: ranting.Hassaan Ahmad: IAdnan Khan: NoHassaan Ahmad: needAdnan Khan: ranting.Hassaan Ahmad: to vent. I I need to vent, but I I don't want to. That's the thing. I don't want to dedicate mental space to it. Yeah. I had a call with uh the creative score gang yesterday. So it was Gary Richard CFO Jordan unorganized as hell can't reach agreement. But one thing that we agreed on was creative score to basically there's no point somebody doing active outreach for it because they have we've done it for 3 months and it hasn't yielded any results. So that's creative score for creative genie product July ready. So between July and now what they need to do is call to action which is join the weight list and we are directing all of our efforts not including ads to filling up that weight list.  
00:20:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: I think that is something that we should do through cold email. Right. So for creative score it's all creative and we could just target the same people and I think we could just rather than directing them to creative score we could direct them to creative genie by changing the messaging and so forth. So that's one and the other thing that they want us to do between now and then is to do some organic socials as well and so forth. That bit I'm going to test a tool called Blaze AI. I don't know if you have used it or not. I want to use it and I want to see if that is something that allows me to scale that piece. So I will own that. But what I need you to to do Adil is focus 100% well 95% on remote year and then the other 5% on filling up the weight list for creative G. Make sense?Adeel Khan: Yeah, that makes sense. But can we get like videos or uh pictures or something of the product?  
00:21:52
 Adeel Khan: Cuz like like they say like if you one thing about marketing B2B marketing is like for example you guys work in big corpse right there for the sake of the doing social it would work but for B2B since nobody cares uh there's like twoAdnan Khan: IAdeel Khan: different routs to do it right. If you do it for the sake of it, there's no impact on it. But you need to get creative. You need to be like different meaningful like if you use AI too, right? Depends like I would rather post about it. We get like a weight list going for that through their account. But obviously there's a da element there like they might not be comfy with that. But uh you get what I'm trying to say, right? Cuz like social even for now especially with everything going uh like your normal basic stuff won't work. You have to be creative. You have to be like that. It's not like even stuff we do. I don't know if you guys she's all doing it for the sake of it, right?  
00:23:02
 Adeel Khan: She's not actually doing she should. That's not really working. So same conceptHassaan Ahmad: bro. So um yes we can do it take but I need you to tell me what you need take what are the things that would be helpful for you to achieve the outcome that we're targeting so videos socials all these ideas they need to be documented and they need to be executed one of the things that I've noticed and Um I mean this with love, right? One of the things that has happened in the past 3 months is we have discussed a lot of ideas but a lot of things have gone like nowhere for the lack of it because there has been lack of a clear ownership and lack of just expectations. So this time let's do this properly right let's get onetoone set up then let's spend 30 minutes in I can schedule that in your calendar right and let's work through this in a very good structure you're telling me in order for you to achieve those outcomes this these are the things that you need right and then together we figure out AI tools test AI tools test and finally you know who's going to own it and what kind of targets or what kind of numbers we're going to target right because otherwise we'll just test 600 different tools 300 different strategies and we'll still be here where we are.  
00:24:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, you're still on mute, man. I don't know if you heardAdeel Khan: That's that's fine. That's how it should go. But uh yeah, we need to know what's possible, what's not. So I'll tell you what's what and then we can go fromHassaan Ahmad: Take care. invest um I will look through actually you have my calendarly right just pick a slot man and book meetings because I don't have visibility of your calendar unless you tell me gina do you have your calendarAdeel Khan: me. I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: okay fitter so the first thing that we are going to do is let's schedule those sessions in right uh Um session let's come up with the strategy both for creative score and remote year actually do we need that strategy for remote year or do we already have itAdeel Khan: No, we just need it for genie more.Hassaan Ahmad: done to let's do that and then uh let's go from thereAdeel Khan: Grab diamond dice.Hassaan Ahmad: Vogga. Um, that's it, man. Adan, did  
00:26:14
 Adnan Khan: WhatHassaan Ahmad: youAdnan Khan: isHassaan Ahmad: haveAdnan Khan: the what? So I I feel like this is like a defined term in the marketing world. strategy like is is that like a dock of like okay this is how we're going to promote the thing the client is that is that what a strategy is meant to doAdeel Khan: Bro, just take aAdnan Khan: likeAdeel Khan: gameAdnan Khan: IAdeel Khan: plan.Adnan Khan: know what strategy isAdeel Khan: There'sAdnan Khan: butAdeel Khan: differentAdnan Khan: likeAdeel Khan: formatsAdnan Khan: what'sAdeel Khan: to it,Adnan Khan: theAdeel Khan: but uh basicallyAdnan Khan: okay take Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: add some when do you guys think you would be ready?Adeel Khan: Other than that, just have a look at the creatives and we we can start them tomorrow. Uh yeah, we can start them tomorrow though and then uh put them more up over nextAdnan Khan: I can do that. You don't have access to the ad account. Remote your ad account.  
00:27:18
 Adeel Khan: Now you create an account and I create an account.Adnan Khan: Uh I will give you access now and I think we need u Hassan's MXHassaan Ahmad: upAdeel Khan: Who am I?Hassaan Ahmad: nice.Adnan Khan: all of it. I am giving you access now as soon as I can figure it out.Adeel Khan: Uh yeah, you just need to put my LinkedIn profiles.Adnan Khan: Okay, let me do it.Hassaan Ahmad: better.Adnan Khan: Let me give you access. Let's start this tomorrow. Creatives. I'll get the creatives to you as well. Uh I know exchanges. So that's onHassaan Ahmad: Before we do that,Adeel Khan: I thinkHassaan Ahmad: hey second before weAdeel Khan: it slides.Hassaan Ahmad: I was going to say uh yeah, I'm going to show you my LinkedIn and we can figure out how to extract as much data from it as possible. It's interesting. So I want your take on it and I want again this to be a multi- channelannel approach right basically maximizing the chances of people saying yes and maximizing the touches with the schedule.  
00:29:02
 Adeel Khan: Yes, see we can also do that. So obviously there will be our B2B there will be other lists involved as well. So multiple touch point but first it's like we start with the cold audienceHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adeel Khan: we'll see what what's up and then we'll start with multiple touches as well. I'll see if there's like a cost effective solution I will create an automationirect. So is is this that guys like let me start with it eventually in it'll work out but we just need to start that's it like once you start once you get traction if you get another client like I know you guys are like well I I've worked in this space for quite some time though uh you guys need to like say trust me when I say this when you guys get more clients a lot of things will be much more clear clearer for both of you as well. Uh, like no joke. Literally, even if you have like three clients, vehicle.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Pressure makes diamonds, man. Okay, I I unfortunately need to jump. I'll let you both continue.Hassaan Ahmad: I think we're done, man. Same time. Let's have that conversation or uh basically ads get started whenever you want to. Right. You have my MX, you have everything. Just make sure it's good.Adeel Khan: StateHassaan Ahmad: You'reAdeel Khan: of.Hassaan Ahmad: still on mute.Adnan Khan: broHassaan Ahmad: accessAdnan Khan: alreadyHassaan Ahmad: bro. Uh accessAdnan Khan: you are also added to it but it's a remote year so maybe I need toHassaan Ahmad: noAdnan Khan: findHassaan Ahmad: noAdnan Khan: yourHassaan Ahmad: addAdnan Khan: profileHassaan Ahmad: my personal email.Adnan Khan: Why?  
Transcription ended after 00:31:36

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
