---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Philip Dears – 2026/03/26 12:56 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-26T14:14:30.702Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-26T13:54:32.427Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Philip Dears - Transcript
00:00:00
 Philip Dears: Oh, sorry. Sorry, buddy. Just had a little overrun there. You're okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Hi, Philip. I'm good. How arePhilip Dears: Yeah, I'm good, thanks. Good. Just getting through. Got one of them back toback days.Hassaan Ahmad: you?Philip Dears: Um, small gaps in between lots of meetings, but I've been out out and about last few days, so trying to play catchup.Hassaan Ahmad: I can imagine.Philip Dears: UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I was looking at your website. Well, your LinkedIn sounds like it was a good event that youPhilip Dears: um which one?Hassaan Ahmad: went.Philip Dears: Yeah, it was a good day. The other uh the recent one. The House of Lords was great. So obviously I've never been the House of Lords before. That was a nice experience.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Philip Dears: Um Oh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: pleasure either. Do you like it? Would you recommendPhilip Dears: It's a bucket list thing, isn't it? I mean, it's it's like anything.  
00:07:02
 Philip Dears: The it's all smok and mirrors, mate. I'm getting to an age now where the there's very very few things where you go, "Wow, they're just like they're good." But they're just good,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Philip Dears: you know, and it's just good.Hassaan Ahmad: goodPhilip Dears: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: stuff.Philip Dears: so me nana and me mom were made up cuz they got gifts. They got like House of Lords towels and so I went to gift shop and got them all bits.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: So they they were made up.Hassaan Ahmad: AllPhilip Dears: But yeah, it's more for them really.Hassaan Ahmad: right.Philip Dears: But yeah, the red wine was amazing, by the way. Yeah, that's one thing. I should have got the name of it because it was absolutely gorgeous.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: I just didn't get the name.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh man. Well,Philip Dears: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: hopefully nextPhilip Dears: But yeah, if you ever get a chance, mate, get on it yet. So, good.Hassaan Ahmad: time.Philip Dears: Um I I'm not sure how you want to structure it.  
00:07:46
 Philip Dears: I can either talk, you tell me, ask me some questions. UmHassaan Ahmad: So, Phil uh Phillip by the way you prefer Philillip PhilPhilip Dears: Mhm. Phil's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: just perfect.Philip Dears: Yeah, Phil'sHassaan Ahmad: So,Philip Dears: fine.Hassaan Ahmad: the way I like to run these things is just keep it very very conversational. This is for us to both understand what is it that we do,Philip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? But more so it's more about understanding where you are, what the challenge is, if there is any alignment at any point in us having another conversation. Yeah. So that's the way I like to do it. If we find out that there's stuff that we could be working together, then you know we can structure another meeting and you know give ourselves a bit more time.Philip Dears: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So um does that land well with you? Is that okay? Perfect. So,Philip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: tell me perhaps we can start with what made you book the call.  
00:08:40
 Philip Dears: Um there was content that was in the LinkedIn post. I was actually trying to find it before the call. Uh so we we we There's alwaysHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: a long answer. So, Hopsy is at a stage we're coming up to seven years essentially. We've never had any sales or marketing. We've never hired anyone. Okay. We've got a thousand venues just under. Most of them have come 55 clientsish give or take. Uh most have come through net referral. Well, basically through me working network. Okay. So, very much founder sales. We we need to we need to um build create starting with a strategy something we can get behind a plan a blueprint and test it out for marketing initially and sales but you know market and lead genen. So essentially if we were to say what are we missing as a company I would say we areHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Philip Dears: missing leads. Okay, leads and the data of where they came from, what works.  
00:09:53
 Philip Dears: Um, what do they like? You know, it starts it starts giving us all the metrics we need, but it comes from leads. And the leads are just like they're just not they're just not not a thing. We get about five a month and they all just land on the website.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: We've got no clue where they come from. We don't do any any ad spend. We don't do any actually tell a lie. We started an email sequencing with somebody. So, I haven't got the stats on that. That's been performing. That's been going two months. And we just send out normal social media posts. And then obviously I'm quite active on LinkedIn, which has been a bit of a change. Um, but that's not structured either. And the social channels have got automated content going out through an AI generator called I'll get the name for it. I forget. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: we just approve that content and send it out on on a schedule on a calendar and it's teamish and we've got we're in our infancy.  
00:10:48
 Philip Dears: So, if you asked me now and said, "What?" So, we're cutting to the chase. What What are we after? I see marketing is kind of like two sides. It's like PR and brand and lead genen.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Philip Dears: And I I'm me and me business partner more interested in the digital lead gen because we obviously know we can convert digital lead genenHassaan Ahmad: gotcha.Philip Dears: whereas PR and brand is just like it's it's it's not scalable is it? You can't see us that you don't know why people came. They could have come from all all different ways and stuff like that. So but I actually think the PR brand is is completely valid as a route as in how we will sell. So sales people want PR,Hassaan Ahmad: What?Philip Dears: a brand, and we want digital marketing because we're a SAS company where people can land on the website, self-s serve and sign up for 50, you know, 40, 50, 60 pound aHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay,Philip Dears: month.  
00:11:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: that's very helpful. Um, how many people are in the company and what's the split between sales?Philip Dears: There is no sales and marketing. There's just me.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, so you're doing everythingPhilip Dears: Uh well,Hassaan Ahmad: yourself.Philip Dears: there's me, a customer success, and four devs. Co-founders,Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Philip Dears: one of theHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Philip Dears: devs.Hassaan Ahmad: And you said you're getting about five leads a month. Is that through all the channels? So your email, your social, that'sPhilip Dears: Yeah, that's it. Where that originates from?Hassaan Ahmad: automated.Philip Dears: Uh the last the last month's report, I'll I'll get the stats. I've literally just dash for them before the call. Um we we we get about five. The last stat last month was like six signed up for the free trial. two definitely came through the email market and because they inboxed the email marketer who forwarded it on. So that's the last stats I seen. Um it isn't we don't we don't it's just in its infancy.  
00:12:37
 Philip Dears: So we've got some things we can do marketing wise. We're just about to get EHO approved literally in April.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: So that'll be done and dusted. So what that means is the governing body for food nationally will approveHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Philip Dears: hopsy as a recognized software that people can use which is obviously you know use soft hopsy keep maintain your fivestar rating it's an easy selling market and I think it's going to be theHassaan Ahmad: Oh,Philip Dears: best marketing one we can do for digital they've told usHassaan Ahmad: when's that coming in?Philip Dears: it'll be about two or three weeksHassaan Ahmad: Two, three weeks. Okay, good. So, the urgency then is basically get a system set up now so you can run with it as soon as it lands.Philip Dears: Yeah, it's it I mean again there's not I wouldn't say the words urgency. So the the the bigger picture is so we urgently want to grow revenues to make some security to reinvest back into the business. We we are essentially bootstrapping.  
00:13:36
 Philip Dears: So that's why we're waiting on revenues to make other hires and stuff and that's just not great.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: But that's the route we took. Um, we've turned down multiple uh revenue opportunity u investment opportunities. Yeah. So, we're sticking to that path, but that's that's obviously clunky and and and thingy. So our bigger picture, take that out the equation of revenues, the the we the actual reason we want to build this or I do is because I want a process that's automated and scalable because that means I can then entice a buyer into saying, well, this wasn't Phil who went to the House of Lords and met these three people, then followed up six weeks later. It's just something that happens. So it's not an urgent need, although we're starting it. It's like we just keep kicking it down the road and we finally said, "Right, this is it. We just got to put the flag in the sand, start it, invest in it in whatever level and build itHassaan Ahmad: Okay.  
00:14:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Makes sense.Philip Dears: up.Hassaan Ahmad: um what's the revenue target that you so where are you today where you want to grow to and then work our way back fromPhilip Dears: Um, yeah. So,Hassaan Ahmad: therePhilip Dears: there's not there's none there's no KPI set for marketing. Um and and that's obviously because part of the strategy will make that I could just make a number up but I wouldHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: I would say 20 leads a month uh would be amazing.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: Uh the reason being 20 leads a month even just at a single site is £1,000 plus. But actually compounds in when you start getting to month eight and nine on a cash flow you're talking significant revs. Um but each lead is not just one venue. They are obviously multiples as well. So we start 20 I think is good.Hassaan Ahmad: f***.Philip Dears: Now we used to say 20 because we would comfortably demo for 20 because we used to demo. Okay, this is an automated process.  
00:15:25
 Philip Dears: So we've we're 90% to fully automated which is AI support,Hassaan Ahmad: Go.Philip Dears: video support, all that. And obviously the way we've carved the system up, it's it's easy to it's easier to to to educate self-educate people have done that in the last twoHassaan Ahmad: So it's self-s served. Somebody comes in, takes the trial, and then you justPhilip Dears: months. Yeah, that's the beauty. That's what I'm so that's what I'm trying to prove out more so and the urgency isn't urgently get the system working. It is basically let's start the process get the data and realize and work it and make it better. So when we really turn the tap on it it can take it can take the lead. So, I've done a couple of partnerships with big companies that sell other services and they've told me that they're going to do a huge marketing push because they doesn't matter what is, but they see the value in hopsy being safety and stuff like that. Okay. For their clients,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.  
00:16:19
 Philip Dears: but I don't know what that tap's going to be like and we haven't proved that little little process out of on boarding. Okay. So, I'm I'm urgently trying to break it to fix it. That's the not urgent for revenues. if you know what IHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Philip Dears: mean.Hassaan Ahmad: When you say 20 leads a month, I want to make sure that we're using the same vocabulary. So for me, when I think about lead is someone comes in and gives you their emailPhilip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: address for either a free trial or for a demo. Is that the same for you? Are we really talking about 20 signups aPhilip Dears: No,Hassaan Ahmad: month?Philip Dears: I'd say I'd say 20 leads was the midfunnel.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: you know, it was an interest. They've come for some reason. They've come to see what RHO is like and they're going to try it out and then they probably will dropHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: off, you know, people just by or they might it might not be the right buying time or  
00:17:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Sure.Philip Dears: whatever that isn't aHassaan Ahmad: How much what's your conversion when somebody comes in through?Philip Dears: proven one.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: Um the best metric I can give you is we've got a a negligible churn like it's tiny over seven years. Well, over mainly over five because two years was co okay so let's look at it over five certainly over the last three uh nobody leaves you're talking 3% less soHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: once you're in the system and you the implementation's always been the challenge even during demo like oh there's a lot that's happening that needs to come into business certainly a trial phase that's a big commitment so we've stripped that out to make it light touch automated demo account get a feel for it first then you'll come through the funnel. So I think the drop off just as a random number from 20 you engage you have now genuine interest. Yeah. With a with a hook. I would say we'd convert two. I would I would say two from 20.  
00:18:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: two.Philip Dears: I would say a couple would stay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: Um, I'd like to think it was around that not shorter numberHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: 10%.Hassaan Ahmad: And who's your ICP? So, you've talked about multiple venues a number of times. Is that who you want to go after?Philip Dears: Um, so the the the genuine answer to that is because of the way we've built it and Hopsy is in effect four apps in one, it actually has about half a dozen personas.Hassaan Ahmad: H.Philip Dears: So when people ask me who's your ICP, it's like well what part of the system are they buying? Because if it's property management side, it's a property director and he doesn't care about ops. If it's ops director, he's got no care about how contract um certificates are managed and contractors. He understands they're going to be coming, but he doesn't care what system does it because it's not his job. So it's really hard with an ICP. It's kind of why I've gone to the module of food with a guaranteed output of an EHO approved because I think whoever's got food will know what that means and they will become that campaign's ICP.  
00:19:20
 Philip Dears: But they could be quick service restaurant gastro pub restaurant.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: They could be cafe. They they're just similar with the food management problem.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Anyone with a license to serve food basically.Philip Dears: Yeah. Yeah. Registered for food. It's a it's a campaign just on its own with massive massive legs.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. All right. Um, look, it all sounds pretty doable in the sense that we've got an angle that we could execute straight away. Yeah, we know what that angle might look like and obviously we could we could select what channel to go for and you know what to activate to get to the volume that you want. You've never ran a campaign before. So, do you have a view on what would you be willing to spend if you were to do this?Philip Dears: We have run campaigns before. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: We ran a campaign last year on food with the lead magnet and we brought in a consultant who just  
00:20:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: basically we just we just set it for the,000 pound a month to paid ads. I think we've done it on meta on Facebook. And so I've got stats to show you off that.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: Uh what happened is we very quickly realized not just so much for drop offs but we realized that the system couldn't sustain bigger numbers. So what was the point?Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: We we like I said we're trying to prove out a model as a um a lot of myHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: focus is on driving new revenues through the roots I've already got. So this is a supplementary to that in a way but it's also a distraction. Okay. Because there's no one to manage it. So my time is managing sales.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: I know that doesn't make sense to you because you think well how's that but there's only six people. I do sales corporate and partnerships. I also run a second company um that we own obviously that does the safety auditing so  
00:21:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: No,Philip Dears: that gets offered to customers the same ecosystem same customer just a different offering it's a it's aHassaan Ahmad: no.Philip Dears: physical services business advisory business uh makes customers sticky to the software um and obviously I'm in the head of tech uh product development as well so as aspects go that's where I need to be because I'm sales leading into the productHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: which feeds back to a better product etc. So sales and marketing,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: traditional sales and marketing is something we've never done cuz I haven't I haven't got the capacity before you get to capability. I haven't actually got the capacity. If it was me full-time job,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: I probably could. The reason I want to partner with somebody as an external is they already know that the the the touch points like they they should have a good idea. In fact, they should come to us and say, "Right, Google Adwords is like secondary. we're going to go with not going with Meta, we go with LinkedIn because of this this this, we're going to go with Facebook next and we're going to build some budget up and then go into this and it's like this systematic approach.  
00:22:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Philip Dears: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: you'vePhilip Dears: that could just be total garbage by the way,Hassaan Ahmad: justPhilip Dears: but at least I can see a cadence meeting and I can get an idea that there's progress or things being tried.Hassaan Ahmad: gota Okay,Philip Dears: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: look, you've described what I do, so I'm not going to pitch you one service.Philip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's exactly what I do. Um I come in as a partner. Um my whole thing is designed to just take the founder out of the sales process eventually. Yeah. Doesn't happen overnight because there's a knowledge gap. You've got to feed some knowledge into me. I can feed that back into you. Together we work on the product and so forth. You can then get the product to a point where it's self-s serve or whatever works and then that happens. The four things that I focus on are the ICP, the message, the channel selection, and then how we're executing. You've done this before, so you know, no marketing, well, no good marketing agency is going to come in and say, "I'm going to guarantee you 20 leads or 30 or 40 leads a month because there's simply no way of knowing."  
00:23:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What? So what I hold myself accountable to is something that is efficient, that's scalable, that is proven, that gives you so your LTV is always exceeding your CAC and as long as that's true, the system turns into a fly. Yeah. I don't want to spend 300 getting a customer that pays you 100. I want to spend 30 if I can get to that. Yeah. And on top of that, um, another thing that I also like to do is is just get the right people in so that conversion of two from a inbound of 20. That's also something that we can control through tighter ICP, through better messaging, better positioning and so forth. We have the right people coming in through the funnel which means they're more sticky and so forth. So those are the things that I engineer for my clients. When that works and it typically works really well, you know, you would you you end up having a steady stream of, you know, two, three, four people coming in a week, which you can take through the demos and so forth.  
00:24:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: If you want a demoled motion, if we want to direct them to a selfs serve, then obviously we can just crank on the volume as much as we want to given the system can handle it. So um yeah, that's that's basically in a nutshell what we do.Philip Dears: Yeah, I was just one caveat to it is we currently have a hybrid of people come in they usually self-s serve. The self-s serve isn't ready as in like it's not it's not fine tuned.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: It it's it needs work. It's 80 to 90%. So, but they're always immediately um offered the support of demo and stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: What we learned is when we pointed everyone from web contact form, in fact, we've took the com taking the contact form down. We're thinking of putting it back in, but basically everyone was coming to a demo and it was like no shows. It was like, I'm ready to do something now. So, even though it wasn't great, they were coming in and going, "Oh, I like this and now I've seen it. I've played with it a little bit,  
00:25:37
 Philip Dears: even though it got stuck and it doesn't work." Cuz fundamentally, no one's going to implement a software and invite staff when they haven't even tried it. So, we're building that interactive demo uh which will be like live data content in it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: This staff these incidents, you know, just so people get a feel. Oh, I want to put this into my business. Okay. Now you take the call. Now you can have a onetoone. Now you pick a slot. And and like I said,Hassaan Ahmad: Wait.Philip Dears: with 20 a month, we can easily support that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, you can you can handle the volume. So,Philip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: what would if you were to start tomorrow? Yeah. What would emotion look like? If let's say the first leads start coming in on Monday, you get the first lead. What would the customer journey lookPhilip Dears: So,Hassaan Ahmad: like?Philip Dears: we currently already do this. So, we do an engagement.  
00:26:24
 Philip Dears: We do um we set up for a 14-day free trial. No card, no details. By the end of it, the system just prompts them and says, "If you want to continue, here's enter your card details. Everything's packages." So, £40 for the for the pro package and then an additional 25 for either of the additional packages. You can pick and choose what you want. uh you add obviously multiple venues. The billing's all automated. It's all Stripe. Um a lot of it's done already for recognizing who you are and how you can progress. When you want to do an interaction with someone, you can you can watch little videos or you can obviously have a demo. uh you can ask questions and usually them questions are like can I tailor it towards this part of me business and kind of and like yeah you can and we tell them yeah you can but for some reason they don't check the box to see that cuz they just kind of like they like the interaction um that's how it currently works then  
00:27:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: if somebody says at scale yes so the last customer we onboarded in December was 190 venues and they asked for training courses for all 190 operators plus all area managers So we done that over seven sessions through webinars,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: multiple dates, multiple times and everybody was on boarded. So the whole system was already implemented and and released like a rip and deploy within 48 hours. Now obviously they're more extensive. We've done the training for the BDMs first and then we opened it out to operators. That is a total of 5 to seven hours.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Good. GoodPhilip Dears: So you're talking like very very tight bound for for mass so we can doHassaan Ahmad: stuff.Philip Dears: scale well. Um it's when people come through and go I've just got a single venue or two venues they take up just as much time which is why self-service needs to beHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Philip Dears: there.Hassaan Ahmad: But I think the real opportunity then is actually going after uh the larger ones,  
00:28:20
 Philip Dears: Well, you think,Hassaan Ahmad: right?Philip Dears: but the problem with uh I could talk for ages, so obviously this will be the follow-up call and some of my beliefs might not be true,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: but this is I can only talk and we can just we'll just say I note it and we'll see if it's true. But basically, there's two types of people. There's people who see value and there's people who pay the bill. And they're never the same person in our experience. So the person seeing the value is is the person who's done the demo then goes upstairs and the person paying the bill is harder to convert or the person paying the bill says I love this overview make itHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: work and then they get the kickbacks. Well we don't want they you know so that's not always in bigger companies it's like silos and there there's no coms.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: So usually the theory is a small operator with two to five venues is going to say yes almost instantly.  
00:29:13
 Philip Dears: Oh, I get to see what me five are doing and I have to I have to phone all the time. We believe that the five to 15s is the sweet spot. Okay, 15 to 50 we've looked at. We just call them these terms.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: They can they can vary but they're like they're too big now and they need a back of house team. So that back of our team can consist of maybe half a dozen people with a brilliant system for that but they would already have seen values. Okay. So it's a it's it's a tough one how we pitch it and I just concentrate on large corporates which I like to turn in an oil tanker.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. I think your instinct is right.Philip Dears: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um and your read is exactly right as well. So I've done enterprise sales for 15 years. We call them product champions, business champions and then economic buyer. So product champion is one who likes the product for the product itself.  
00:30:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: The business champion is one who likes the product for what it does for them. So the business outcome it drives the economic buyer is the guy with the with the checkbook. Yeah. Ultimately somebody's got to convince the economic buyer one way or the other. What you've described is um is something that I see all the time. More often than not it's a it's it's an education piece. So you've got to educate your champions the product and the business to be able to sell to the economic buyer if you're in without you in the room and get the budget. Yeah, solve that through positioning and we solve that through a bit of education, but we can get get into that in a in a bit more detail. Is that um I'm conscious we're coming up to time. Do you do you have a hardPhilip Dears: No, no, no. I'm happy with what what you want to do.Hassaan Ahmad: stop?Philip Dears: Let me just double check the next one. I think was 2:30.  
00:31:01
 Philip Dears: Sorry, it's 2:00, so yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: I've still got time.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I've got two questions and then I'll let you go and then we uh first question isPhilip Dears: Yeah, go for it. No, I'm I'm I'm here.Hassaan Ahmad: so you mentioned that you know you felt this as a need for a while but you've kicked the can down the road. What what would make you kick the can down the road now or do you feel that this is this is it? You've got to do it now.Philip Dears: We feel we well we've we've come to a point of it's a good question and it it's what motivates you sometimes to be in a certain place. I feel I've got to the point where it was a bit of a badge of honor to say we've had no sales and marketing and people are like wow to now it's like a bit embarrassing. you know that type. It's like, well, you're not really a business then,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: or are you?  
00:31:51
 Philip Dears: You know, what what are you doing? There's no metrics. There's no And I feel a little bit like, why aren't we doing this? Even if we do it for four months and it falls flat on its face, the fact we didn't spend, I'll just say £20,000 to test it out is insane at this stage. Now, we've been going seven years, you know, like we should be doing this. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: and I feel confident that the product is almost fully automated end to end. You can self-s serve. I've been through it a few times. There's a few things I changed. There's a little bit better that could serve videos which were changing again. You know, there's some stuff there, but really I feel like someone can get on it and go, "Wow, I love I love the I love the look and feel of it." Um, and can selfs serve.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: So, that that's that it's a great question. I hope I've answered it well.  
00:32:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: Uh kind of. Yeah.Philip Dears: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So um what I heard was you feel that this is you should have it. Yeah.Philip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Should is very different from must. Yeah. Yeah. So I just want to get to a good understanding of look the reason I'm doing this is because whenPhilip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we do it it's a significant investment from you and me. Yeah.Philip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I need to be in calls. you're going to need to commit some time to one educating me and my team and two just you know just playing the game with us making sure you you're implementing the feedback and so forth. So I want to make sure that you know we we do this at the right time. If it is now then we're ready. If it's not now a month from now we could do that then as well. So just want to get to get to that if that makes sense.Philip Dears: So there may that I always do this like hard stop when's me focus etc etc etc right?  
00:33:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: If if we if you said to me from your expertise, this is a reasonable realistic target of venues and you would get, let's say, 20 single signups, okay? On a cash flow, that would be £1,000 a month, which starts compounding to a decent amount around month eight and nine, but initially it's only £1,000. Okay, which is great. That's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: It's money, good money coming. I actually think that's probably overestimating it. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey.Philip Dears: The the problem is is in that time frame I have to have I I could have been driving and and I am pursuing my other contracts. Now where this comes as as a must is like what if it it's it's a must as in what if it spikes beyond what we know and it becomes the main focus based on revenue gen and we actually haven't even started. So this elusive like turn the tap on I where have you been all me life and all these customers go wow just literally like we're using these three four apps costing us a fortune this is your you know that type um and because we can't answer that I think it's well worth £20,000 issue or whatever the budget we put to it to say well we done that properly with real people and they they they took us on that journey and this was the result it won't be zero obviously that this is the I don't know if that's true as well,  
00:35:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: by the way. You can correct me if I'm wrong on the thinking there,Hassaan Ahmad: No, I think you're you're absolutely bang on and now I have the answer that I'm I'm looking for.Philip Dears: butHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, if you want what would make you work on this is, you know, if there's something concrete, something believable, something more realistic that, you know, you could you could go on and you have a beginning and an end in mind. In terms of your expectation, I think that's realistic. Yeah, your data from Meta would be very telling. So, I would love to take a look at that the next time you speak. But I would discount that data heavily becausePhilip Dears: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: a lot of that is execution. You know, you could spend 10 grand and have zero results because execution was s***. You can spend 500 and have 50 signups because execution was brilliant. Yeah. So execution is half the game. Um so very very very interesting looking at that data what that looked like what kind of creatives you ran what was the message and so forth.  
00:36:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: Secondly what gives me more confidence that you know we could drive this is twofolds. One is the timing. You've got the endorsement coming. Yeah. Which gives you a trigger to go into the market. It's something that everybody needs. Yeah. And the second is the cost for them. So we can educate them on why they need it and why you are the best solution for it. Yeah. You fail a license, it's thousands of pounds. So we can make we can start educating the people with the right kind of message. Um and so yeah, definitely I think it's worth spending money on this. Obviously, you know, when we work on this, we'll give it our best shot. You'll be fully involved in the process. You'll have full creative direction on what's happening. So, if the message isn't right, you can tell us. If you feel something's going to resonate better, you can tell us. And then it's our job to get it out in the best way to the best people.  
00:37:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: And then we do this. Make sense?Philip Dears: Yeah, it it it it well I obviously it makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: Is it is it me asking a bit too much that I actually think we could be too close to this to think what the values are for the is there a way of making a test on that? So, I'm asking for a bit too much here. But in a perfect world, we're going to fire a cannon and I want to make sure we've got the right well,Hassaan Ahmad: Huh?Philip Dears: we want to make sure everything's right to align to to make the maximum impact. One of the factors of that, which is a massive key part, is the messaging, which is kind of like the gunpowder, right? The problem is we've probably got four or five messages. I I favor food. Okay, I give you the good real world example. out of a thousand venues, probably 70% don't serve food. So, the thing about it is the reality is if we just doubled in size,  
00:38:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: food wouldn't be the first and foremost. But I think food is going to be the one that makes us 3,000 and just blows it away because if you run a food business, you are emotionally attached to that fear because your revenue is generated predominantly from that food. So, I I back that up with pure emotion and gut instinct.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: Like my own instinct is they are more fearful of that going wrong than someone who forgets to do risk assessments, let's say for health and safety. Still get in trouble. You're not going to close your business, but you got reputation damage.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: You've got tons of damage with food. So somebody buying peace of mind is always been a word I've used. It's like to know I'm going to at least be told when something's wrong and I don't have to go searching for it to me is a huge message to land. I would say within the business that that sentiment is probably not always agreed with and there's other things as your business owner will have multiple verticals that he's trying to manage.  
00:39:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hm.Philip Dears: If you got one dashboard doing that a holistic view of that is a big selling point but we don't actually sell holistic views for revenue. You don't have a package on the website and go okay now I get to see all venues in one rollup. We don't sell that. That's just something you get where food you pay for as a package so we can measure it. Um whether I'm true on that or not, an expert at marketing will listen to us. We'll listen to what we say about personas. We'll will we'll articulate tons into the eye and come up with profiles, condense it down, and then they can obviously guide us and say, "Look, we think this would be the best fit." Or we do a couple simultaneously, whatever.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. So the way my process runs is I always start off with the diagnostic. Yeah. That's twofolds. The first one is you giving me the information that you have. So I download your brain, your partner's brain, whoever's in the field.  
00:40:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: I look through reviews and stuff or whatever is available. So we download that and we use that as a starting point. But the second is and this is why people pay me is me on the outside looking in a macro view, a micro view and then seeing where the opportunity lies. Yeah. You get fed the output of that where we tell you these are the verticals that you could play in. Yeah. This is where we see the opportunity and this is where you should start. So we give you a road map of do this first, do this second, do this third, take the revenue from one, defeat the other, and so forth. We could run five tests simultaneously if the budget allows. I don't recommend it in the beginning. So we pick our bets, we go in and we time box it. Yeah. If it doesn't work in that time frame, we can have a conversation. You don't like us, you can fire us. So there's no lock in and stuff like that.  
00:41:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: But if it does work, then that proves the hypothesis and then we have the option of either doubling down on that or using the budget to test a new angle, test a new audience and so forth. That's what we would do and that's how we we start pretty much all engagements. So strategy plus diagnosis in the beginning. Now, in terms of um the time boxing of it, I recommend and you've done this before, so I'm sure you would understand that we earmark a minimum of 3 months for this. Yeah, it takes I try to do it in 5 days, but it takes about 5 to 10 days to get the first thing off the ground. So, including the strategy, including the diagnosis, the research, the design and so forth. So from the first strategy call that we do or we call it the onboarding call. So from the onboarding call to something going live it's about six seven days. Yeah we're trying to compress it as much as possible. You've got to train the algorithms.  
00:42:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: So your data from one year ago is stale. We might not even use meta. Yeah meta has evolved. LinkedIn has evolved. Everything has evolved. We'd make a call on which channel we want to go for first. You've got to throw some money at the platform to train the platform. teach it what who the right people are, who make the right moves and so forth. So the first results start rolling in around week four mark by the time week four starts. Although I've just gone live with live with a guy and he's starting seeing results in week two. So that's that. Um yeah so from week three and a half week four till week eight it's us getting the data establishing unit economics understanding who the message is resonating with and what part of the message is resonating with them calibrating it and so forth and establishing that funnel. By the time the eight weeks are up you have a pretty good idea of what your floor is.  
00:42:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: So what cost are you incurring to get the people in? You have a view on are we bringing the right people in or not? Yeah. What the conversion is because if the right people are coming in, then the velocity increases. Yeah. So instead of them spending 30 days ifing and eyeing about it, they go through it fast because if somebody has a problem, they want a solution fast. Yeah. So we engineered that. By week 12, you would know the angles we worked, how much we spent, what was the result of that, if it worked or if it didn't work, and then you have you can make a call on what to do next. Yeah. So, that solves that data problem. Um, do you have a CRM?Philip Dears: uh we do have a CRM. Yeah, we don't utilize the CRM very well, but it's linked up to the system. Uh autogenerates cards that when people start trial, we get alerts and stuff, but we've got lots we can do with it.  
00:43:51
 Philip Dears: It's called ATIO is the one we use.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Philip Dears: Don't know if you've heardHassaan Ahmad: I'll set up the automation for that as well.Philip Dears: that.Hassaan Ahmad: So every so end to end data tracking would be there. Yeah. And then you can go to an investor to the seller or whoever with the pipeline math, with the data, with the angles that you've tested, with the research and that sets you up for whatever you want to do after that.Philip Dears: What? Yeah, that's I mean that's fantastic. Yeah, really good. Obviously, it's um depends obviously on the cost and the engage. I don't know what your what your commercials are, but I don't know if you're going to do that next set or send it across or I don't know you wantHassaan Ahmad: Let's take let's spend another kind of 60 minutes really digging through the data and reallyPhilip Dears: it.Hassaan Ahmad: understanding your business a bit better.Philip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That would then put me in a position where I can put together a view of what would we do?  
00:44:48
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Of everything that we've talked about,Philip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: what are the various things that we can activate? Yeah. Are we just going to do top of funnel? Are we going to do, you know, use you and and Jaime's network better? Can we whatever? I don't know what that looks like right now. So, let's take another 60 minutes looking into that. Um,Philip Dears: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: but at the end of that call, you should have an idea of, you know, how much that's going to cost and uh what ad budget you should be spending. Yeah, you're I think you're in the ballpark.Philip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you said 20k over whatever 3, four months. That's a good test budget. I think that should that should put you in the ballpark. But let's take next meeting to really hash that.Philip Dears: Yeah. Wish I'd have said 15k now would have been um yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: I mean, it's it's probably going to be closed.  
00:45:40
 Philip Dears: don't worry. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Well,Philip Dears: what we got is um there's only the only obvious elephant in the room is we've we've spoke to let's just call it half a dozen. We're active now. we we're conscious we're going to do it now whether the other times like and it came about because people were like we love the product we could sell it we'll do a rev share with you etc and it got us like thinking about marketing of like the extension because don't forget we're just talking lead gen bit of PR here putting me on stage at this event this there was so much broadness to it was like we'll do all this over 18 months but we'll do it only on a rev share because we can maximize the results and etc. But we were we were at that time that that definitely it was just too much.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: You know, we didn't have the capacity to support. That's why we're kind of starting off with this laser focus on let's just prove this bit out, the digital bit.  
00:46:33
 Philip Dears: And it's the one that me and me business partner both of the fondest of. Maybe it's our characters or whatever, but we just we just see it as a a natural plug on the front that can be scalable with the system. So yeah, that that's kind of where we're at with marketing. But I I've enjoyed this. There's there's a bit of there's lots of stuff in there that comes out through these type of calls. So yeah, another call will be great and I'll bring me partner to it as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. When when do you think you can do it?Philip Dears: Yeah. Uh so I'm trying to take next week off completely.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: Okay. Because um I've never done that. I set myself a little goal.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: I'm only in I'm only in a caravan with me two youngest kids. But I've got this um real trying to block the thing cuz me life just exploded into all kinds of activity. So if needs be I can do next week if it was just an hour's call.  
00:47:24
 Philip Dears: This is like very creative side. This is good. So I'll let me business partner I'll speak to him first and I'll see um Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, let's do this. Um, I don't like leaving calls with I'm a sales guy, man, like you. I don't like leaving calls with without something in the calendar.Philip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's put something in for the ETH if that works for you.Philip Dears: Yeah. Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: And then if you Yeah,Philip Dears: that's far away. Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: if you or your business want to partner want to do earlier,Philip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: then I I have an opening next week and we can talk about that as well.Philip Dears: Yeah. So, the best for me would be the second or the seventh.Hassaan Ahmad: The 2nd or the seventh? I could do the second.Philip Dears: Is this Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: What about the seventh as well in case I can'tHassaan Ahmad: Uh, seventh is starting to look a bit  
00:48:09
 Philip Dears: Okay. So,Hassaan Ahmad: busy.Philip Dears: 2nd or the eighth? If it was the eighth, you see, it would have to be late afternoon.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, let's go for a second.Philip Dears: Let's go for the second.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's Let's What time works forPhilip Dears: Yeah. And if we have to push it, we push it. So, I'll ask him, can you do the second? Uh,Hassaan Ahmad: you?Philip Dears: let's make it Let's make it say 2:00ish. Do you think about twoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: maybe?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that is fine. 2 o'clock.Philip Dears: Let's say around two. Yeah, cuz I'd have done stuff with with the family and all thatHassaan Ahmad: Okay, good.Philip Dears: then.Hassaan Ahmad: I will send across an invite with a little bit of homework for you. Yeah, the homework is just get the data so we can talk that through.Philip Dears: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: um and really kind of hone in on what needs to be fixed. Get your partner on this as well because you know if there's alignment, let's just shake hands and move forward with whatever we need to do.  
00:49:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: You mentioned you're talking to a few other vendors isPhilip Dears: Yeah, I had one earlier. I mean, basically just as as once you've made the decision,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: it's now how you speak to people. I mean, that's why I've noticed your post because it's on me radar then and you see something and go, that's what we need. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: So, what's what's your decision criteria?Philip Dears: follow theHassaan Ahmad: What are you u what are you going to base the decision on?Philip Dears: um we're not um it's a leap of faith regardless. So it's not about um I don't think there's a factor that we can say the only reason revshare was so forget revshare by the way but the only reason revshare was an intrigue to us or it was the one that landed most is because obviously there's no risk to us. So if somebody's rubbish, it didn't cost us anything. But if someone says, "I'm rubbish, but give us 20 grand." We've lost 20 grand. So the idea was, well, you know, we're all gaining.  
00:50:05
 Philip Dears: Um, other than that, it's I mean, my business partner, last year's version of questions, he he certainly, as you can tell, he's the splitter. He's technical. Uh, so he'll definitely know a lot more of the parameters and things and he'll question things more. So I'm not sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Philip Dears: I wouldn't say there's one thing or the other. We're expecting to spend money and we're expecting that we have to invest because we've got a great product that will generate an ROI with the right partner.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, I bring my partner to that as well.Philip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: He's ex Meta, so he's technical, but he's actually a product designer by trade. Um, he can answer some of the technical questions,Philip Dears: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: but more importantly, the guy has run has shipped products to billions, right? So that might might be there might be some good insights that you know how to structure a self flow and so forth whichPhilip Dears: Brilliant. Yeah. I mean, it's being honest. I've I've I've I've loved listening to your soothing tones of your voice.  
00:51:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: mightPhilip Dears: You've got a nice Do you know, you got like a trustworthy voice. I've been listening to you for ages going, "Wow, just calm and influence this fell." So, yeah. Um, if we don't if we don't hire you as that,Hassaan Ahmad: heyPhilip Dears: can you just read me some audles, do you think? Honestly,Hassaan Ahmad: Man, I should think about thatPhilip Dears: you've missed your vocation a million%, mate.Hassaan Ahmad: asPhilip Dears: I You got a lovely tone. Uh but yeah, let's let's go for let's go for next week. I am looking forward to I've enjoyed that. It was great.Hassaan Ahmad: All right, cool.Philip Dears: Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll send the invite now and I'll update I'll send you some stuff that I need to do beforePhilip Dears: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that.Philip Dears: Yeah. And I'll I'll invite me partner to it. Yeah. As long as I can add him to the invites or I'll send you his email. In fact, I'll just duplicate it.  
00:51:52
 Philip Dears: Yeah. Sorry. Brilliant. Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: now his email.Philip Dears: Uh, it's bit of a long one to be honest,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Philip Dears: but Jamie.Hassaan Ahmad: fine.Philip Dears: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Why don't you just forward it?Philip Dears: I'll just do it honestly. Don't worry. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right, Philip, great talking to you. Enjoy your time with the family.Philip Dears: Great.Hassaan Ahmad: That and try to switch off, mate. That's the only thing I would say.Philip Dears: Oh, mate. I tell everyone when they're going Aldi and and my struggling to take me own advice. But um so just to tell you how far a final note and it'll show you how extreme I've took it. I've actually went out and bought a 20 pound no phone. Right. My idea is this this phone here is going in the door of the of the car. So I've got to at least go to car to check it and then knock it there just for emergency callsHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Philip Dears: from like me mom and people like that.Hassaan Ahmad: Love it.  
Transcription ended after 00:54:40

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
