---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Karl Zhao – 2025/07/08 22:30 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:39:41.055Z
meeting_date: 2025-07-08T22:16:23.944Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Karl Zhao - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Good.Karl Zhao: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Hi car. How's it going?Karl Zhao: Good. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well, thank you. Just about to give you a call. UhKarl Zhao: Okay. Yeah, I couldn't uh be on camera. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: okay.Karl Zhao: so can you uh introduce uh yourself and your business first?Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely, Carl. And thank you so much for booking this time in with us. So my name is Hassan and I look uh so I run sales at remote tier. We're a fullervice end-to-end revenue partner for early stage companies and what that means is um we do everything from ICP definition to um setting the GTM strategy, the sales messaging proposition all the way down to sales execution and delivering a predictable pipeline of meetings, qualified meetings. Um that's typically what we do. Most of the companies that we work with tend to be early stage. So it's either pre-revenue or postrevenue but still trying to reach PMF. Um in terms of myself, I have about 15 years of sales experience.  
00:03:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: My partner is a senior design engineer at Meta. So we approach this from a design as a design problem but also as a skill and a strategy execution problem. Um and that's in a nutshell who we are. So um do you have any questions any comments?Karl Zhao: Okay. So, no. Uh I I think so when you say early stage typically tell tell me more about your ICP right so what kind of characteristics and thenHassaan Ahmad: Sure.Karl Zhao: if the for early stage typically they are probably uh not capital reach so how is your business model and allHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, um when I talk about early stage, well, there's two things, right? So, Remote here focuses on early stage companies, right? I myself have a lot of experience selling into enterprise large enterprises businesses of all shapes and sizes really but for remit specifically when we talk about early stage companies um we're talking about companies that are often pre-revenue right that e either have angel funding seed funding or are funded by the founder themselves um companies typically between one and about 20 to 25 employees and um companies that are promising that are either coming to the market with a differentiated proposition or have a product that solves a real problem.  
00:05:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: And so when we partner with these companies, um as I'm sure you saw on the ad, our business model is pretty simple. We provide all of everything that I mentioned, right, for a flat fee of 3,000, right? for that 30,000 what we do is we we do everything. So we interview any customers that are there. If the customers aren't there, we'll register your product on any any place where it needs to be registered in order to get some initial customer real customer feedback. We use that to refine the messaging, come up with a landing page, come up with uh an offer that resonates with your ICP, right? And we've got quite a bit of specialism in defining what that ICP needs to be as well. So, we'll do that and once that's done, we will invest the first two months of ad revenue back into your product, right? So, we will decide what what platform that needs to be. Yours seems to be more aligned with or it's more likely that we'll find your ICP on LinkedIn rather than Meta, right?  
00:06:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, that's the platform that we'll choose. will invest about two 2,000 to2500 maybe $3,000 in the first two months to test and validate the ICP and the offer that we have come together right at the end of two months we'll come to you and we'll tell you hey car in order to get you meetings your cost per click is X your cost per meeting is Y um this is how much money you need to spend in order to make this much money right we'll feed you those metrics and you will be able to have real-time access to those anyway so you'll be able to monitor performance and once you see all of that right then you can decide what you want to do right if you want sales execution on top we can provide that as well so I can put in a seller an experienced seller who can take those initial leads who can qualify them and either pass them on to you or take them to a close initially with your help but ultimately they will run the whole sales cycle themselves obviously that would have if we're putting an experienced seller that would have an additional cost but For each sale that we close, we charge a 15% revenue share on that.  
00:07:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: And that helps us align our objectives and our incentives with yours and makeKarl Zhao: SoHassaan Ahmad: sure thatKarl Zhao: for the sales right so for the 15% thenHassaan Ahmad: yeah,Karl Zhao: there's no there will be additional retainer as Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: So correct. the retainer is always there and the retainer is toKarl Zhao: no.Hassaan Ahmad: makeKarl Zhao: No.Hassaan Ahmad: sureKarl Zhao: I'm saying the let's say $3,000 is the retainer andHassaan Ahmad: correct.Karl Zhao: then the but when you say for for for the ads is additional, right? So cl your clients pay the ads, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh no. So the first two months I will pay for the ads. AfterKarl Zhao: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: those two months, I will tell you what that performance looks like. So, you will know that if you were to spend, let's say, $1,000 per month, you can predictably and reliably expect five, six, 10 meetings a month, of which four or four or whatever the number is is going to be moved to a qualified meeting of which two are going to close.  
00:08:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, you will be able to make that funnel from the data that I'll provide you at the end of two months. AfterKarl Zhao: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: two months, it will be your decision if you want to continue with the ads. And if so,Karl Zhao: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: do you want to continue with $1,000 in ad spend or $10,000 in ad spend? Typically, I do that because that helps my clients take that to their investors and say, "Hey, I've now got this predictable pipeline where I know if I spend X, I can generate Y consistently, right?" And that helps them get to their seat funding or their series.Karl Zhao: But is your customer all based on uh like ads? Uh how about the inbounds and and emails and all those channels?Hassaan Ahmad: I've done inbound. Well, sorry. I've done emails a lot. My professional experience now is that email no longer works as a channel. Right? I've got clients whom we haveKarl Zhao: Perfect.Hassaan Ahmad: sent about 4,000 emails a month and generated two meetings.  
00:10:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? That's not good return on investment. I have done outbound as well. So typically a seller can call about a 100 numbers a day. of those hundred, they're lucky if they're getting maybe five pickups. andKarl Zhao: No,Hassaan Ahmad: beKarl Zhao: no,Hassaan Ahmad: happy.Karl Zhao: the outbound doesn't mean always email outbound, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Karl Zhao: There be other outbounds and and stuff. So anyway, so let me then ask for the advertising, what are your main uh sort of platform you're running ads, GoogleHassaan Ahmad: uhKarl Zhao: orHassaan Ahmad: met initially we don't go to Google till we have validated the offer and we have really nailed down the ICP right because in Google you need to have the right keywords you need to know who you're targeting who to who to target and what you say to them in order to rank high in order to make sure that they click and Google's really expensive as well. Whereas with LinkedIn and Meta, you can do broad targeting and you can test, you can identify guardrails and the algorithms figure it out.  
00:11:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so those are the two that we prioritize.Karl Zhao: Okay. Uh, so let me tell you, have you checked out my profile?Hassaan Ahmad: I have checked out your profile and I'm really really interested to uh to actually hear from you.Karl Zhao: Okay. So, here's the thing. Uh, so my background has been in uh AI and robotics for 10 years. Um, way before the TGBT. Um, so couple of things. So since uh July last year but a year ago uh I work with a team of right now about 10 people. Uh it's kind of fit into your portfolio. Yeah. 10ish people. Um it's a spring off from a unicorn startup that was originally backed by soft bank. Okay. Um so yeah so that startup is uh raised a lot of money. Uh so from the get-go we want to do something that's different from my our previous uh employer meaning you know we have it's primarily self-funded and bootstrapped. Uh we're able to gain customer traction in China.  
00:12:45
 Karl Zhao: That's where most of my team was and I was there for a couple of years. Uh so we of course we have existing relationship and so on so forth. So we uh gained between our self funding and then the the revenue is about um let me calculate 0.5 millionish um dollar.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Karl Zhao: Then we said okay it's it's a very brutal market there. Um and we we got who's who right? So people are paying and but it's a very uh heated market uh and my background is primarily uh in US and uh overseas. So I I started to thought leadership beginning of this year. uh uh you know due to the China involvement we got a lot of fortune 100 companies using our service uh essentially customized an open source model and then fitting to their verticals that including legal uh you know med medical financial education blah blah blah and then deepseek is one of the open uh source model we support and then when I come back here, we already have a relationship with Deep Seek.  
00:14:12
 Karl Zhao: Then they don't have anybody uh running the overseas market. So we basically are kind of their de facto go-to people uh for the deepseek. And then also due to the robotics involvement, we are we have very close relation with Nvidia China. were their strategic partner for two things for uh sovereign AI now because there are a lot of com uh countries uh in Europe and Middle East want to do their own uh language models and then for AI diffusion meaning you have you tap into the AI talent in China and support you know worldwide customers.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh-huh.Karl Zhao: So and uh so I think due to the the deepseeks um become from nowhere to everybody talk about it uhHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Karl Zhao: I hear about 8,000 views on my uh linking profile and uh I guess 3500 followers. 3,500 followers and about 2500 kind of inbound connections and then I basically didn't do any marketing, right? I don't have anybody follow through and so on and it's it's um enough traffic to got us uh inbound to for inbound leads uh to customers.  
00:15:54
 Karl Zhao: The largest contract we have on an annual basis is about $600,000.Hassaan Ahmad: And who's that? Is that in the US?Karl Zhao: It's in Europe.Hassaan Ahmad: Europe. Okay.Karl Zhao: It's a tier 2 country in Europe. They need a solven AI andHassaan Ahmad: IsKarl Zhao: stuff. So what I'm saying is uh and right now so I we started to do uh more linking efforts.Hassaan Ahmad: that right?Karl Zhao: Um so right now we have two uh specialist uh marketing specialists uh on the from far east to support us. uh now I have about uh you know hundred leads from from the link I mean qualified leads right and then I I also run round table exeact round table uh so these are the executives who are interested in hearing how to leverage our service to benefit them that's I've done that for about six months now so kind have a monthly thing. Uh so it's about on average I got about five to 10 participants. So total of 40ish yeah participants and then my next so it's kind of building up my next round table are be have there are 24 people registered typically 80% show up rate so it's about you know 20 pe people between 15 to 20 people will show up in the next one  
00:17:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Karl Zhao: and you see it right so I'm also uh featured on Phobes a couple of times and then now I'm Phobes has a kind of a small group to do Gen AI global collaboration and adoption. So I'm part of that group. So we recommend interesting um deployments and and so on so forth. Uh so I have a book coming out uh next month. Uh the publisher has about 500,000 paid uh uh readers. Uh all of them are tech focused readers and they approach me for for the book. Um so yeah, so I think we're we're beyond part of market fit. I mean we can always fine-tune and stuff. Um so I think right now we is more we're more from one to 10 stage right it's not from zero to one uh it's more one from a from a overseas market perspective it's kind of we're between one and 10 that stageHassaan Ahmad: Uh-huh. So where so so what's broken? It sounds like you've got a lot of good pieces of the puzzle already there.  
00:19:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: What's broken? What are you trying to accomplish? What are you trying to show?Karl Zhao: Um I think uh part of it is uh the the offer, right? So we got we got a lot of stuff uh through our you know a year development with all the engagement. I think the the we can have multiple offers that the offer part still need to be fine-tuned in my in my opinion.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Karl Zhao: Uh right now our thing is pretty much for it's more service based. we just say you know if you need fine-tuning here's what's our engineering cost type of thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh.Karl Zhao: So for the existing things I I feel like we need a more um kind of packaging of our what we have already done our expertise right how do we uh sort of charge consulting right and right now we're we're kind of offer consulting for free is part of our service is kind of uh leave money on the table type ofHassaan Ahmad: Okay. So if I understood that point correctly, when you talk about refining the offer a little bit, it's more about optimizing the consulting side as well as the product delivery side.  
00:20:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: Correct?Karl Zhao: uh part even product side right so right now it's primarily service based say here is the you know engineer right so in certain cases people probably want to have a prepackaged stuff we already developed whether it's offer as a SAS or offer as a uh outcome based I think that that can be um done. So I really I think what works well with us even in your case I'd rather kind of structure as a a one-time setup and then and uh uh success base. This is how I structure with the the my round table partners and they can they essentially can get a whole lot right. I mean, so I think this retainer really doesn't work well for both parties.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Karl Zhao: SoHassaan Ahmad: SoKarl Zhao: I ratherHassaan Ahmad: whatKarl Zhao: structure something like that with you guys as well. Like you we we could have some sort of fees for you guys to get to know us and then sort of get things set. I don't need your pay the advertising, right?  
00:22:06
 Karl Zhao: So we already I mean we're we we so on linking I paid zero dollar I the only thing I did is the the round table I have a setup and then I pay based on success and then I pay uh sales navigator uh that's it and I don't have any ads running and we're starting to kind of uh doing some Google ads because we already know our kind of uh customer base and Then the at least for a car offering and then now uh yeah now it's coming oh so I got featured um speakers uh at MIT events upcoming Stanford events uh Capitol Hill and I I was on the same panel with Bob Young. you know Bob Yang,Hassaan Ahmad: I don't actually.Karl Zhao: he'sHassaan Ahmad: Um.Karl Zhao: the founder of Redhead Linux.Hassaan Ahmad: Ah. All right. Yes.Karl Zhao: So, so I'm basically the go-to person for people talk about open source uh large language model versus closed source and that type of thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Look,Karl Zhao: SoHassaan Ahmad: it's clear.  
00:23:19
 Karl Zhao: I think yeah IHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Karl Zhao: I IHassaan Ahmad: Sorry.Karl Zhao: rather structure the deal for I think it's great for both parties that uh it will be something like an upfront setup of some sort not huge and then based on uh successHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, for the I want to unpack that a little bit more. So, when you say upfront setup, what exactly are we talking about setting up? Is that your Well, let's share your thoughts and then I can share mine.Karl Zhao: I don't know. So there might be some like fixed cost right. So for you to you know g give us a consulting service kind of get us and sort of interesting offer and based on what we have right all the data you you fine-tune the ICP fine tune the offer blah blah blah yeahHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Karl Zhao: and give us suggestions for what we do with the email oh by the way I don't have a we don't even have a email website when we lended the $600,000 customer.  
00:24:37
 Karl Zhao: It's all based on my link king, right? I'm the best product for the companyHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Uh okay. Fine.Karl Zhao: and we're we're strategic partner for uh like yeah I'm the general consultant for deepseek so we're partner of deepseek or strate partner of NvidiaHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Karl Zhao: two of the best AI native uh technology companies in the in the face.Hassaan Ahmad: Makes makes sense. Look with your in your case car because you are you're a subject matter expert right you're well known you're very well respected and obviously your name carries a lot of pull so I'm not surprised right and and I do agree that in this case the retainer model in its current form probably doesn't work well rightKarl Zhao: HHassaan Ahmad: I think as far as the setup is concerned as long as we can we can do that as a consulting arrangement for you, right? It's a model that you're very well familiar with yourself and and we can identify what the key outcomes or the key deliverables for that.Karl Zhao: And I don't want a huge sort of sticker shock there.  
00:25:57
 Karl Zhao: I really want you guys to make money based on success and it will be successful.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. And and what's what what in terms of success, what are we talking about? Is it what outcome are you looking for as aKarl Zhao: UhHassaan Ahmad: result?Karl Zhao: I think this uh B we can take a your percentage of the sales essentially and then I want you guys to right now I'm doing the sales. I couldn't do it all. So basically we can kind of have a more like you guys as a channel partner, right, for us to sell.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. UmKarl Zhao: I'm building a pipeline so that we could hit, you know, north of, you know, um I mean, again, you need to we were kind of doing it have a very crazy kind of um objective, but I've done this before in other settings. So for the unicorn startup I I'm running engineering product and more like a virtual um product line and we from zero to um within I think 18 months to 50 million and with a pipeline of hund00 million.  
00:27:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Karl Zhao: So here I'm I'm thinking about you know north of 10 million. I mean again there will be us or you know and there will be you guys. Right now it's only me in US.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. If I understand that correctly, Kum um in terms of the sales side of things is the expectation or is the hope that we're going to come in and we'll take the qualified leads that you have and the roundt uh partners and so forth and we will progress them through a sales cycle, build a pipeline and close it for you.Karl Zhao: Yeah. Uh I'm not sure about the round table because round table I need to pay 10 they they don't charge me a monthly fee. IHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Karl Zhao: I give them 10%. So we can talk about it. They did a lot there's a lot of warm leaves there already. So we could maybe we there we can figure something out right becauseHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Karl Zhao: a lot of work has been done but if it it is in our existing pipeline and then yeah we can probably partition you you take some and we we I mean the I take some and then we go from there.  
00:28:57
 Karl Zhao: My my intention is do this through through partners instead of inhouse. It's very expensive.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Um, so the warm leads, are you going to provide us with the leads or are you looking for us to find the leads, qualify them, close them?Karl Zhao: We can do a combination. YouHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Karl Zhao: should do some um on your own and then we should provide you some and it's kind of right. So it's the swim line, right? So some of these are in this stage and they need more nurture. Some are more kind of like Yeah. About middle of the funnel type of thing. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Look, that is as far as I'm concerned, that sounds doable, right? Um, but as I mentioned, I have a partner as well. So, because this is something that we don't typically do, I'm going to need to speak with him and I can I can circle back to you really quickly.Karl Zhao: And then the other added benefit is that we will we are leveraging like AI wherever possible.  
00:30:06
 Karl Zhao: I don't know how much you guys are using it now. Um so I think that could be helpful for you guys elsewhere as well. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Um K, look, I'm looking at this from a long-term perspective, right? You've got the right set of skills which I think could be very beneficial for my business, right? And I I believe I've got the skills which could be beneficial for you, right? uh my team has and me personally I have pretty significant experience in selling to large enterprises acrossKarl Zhao: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: the globe which I think could be handy right um I'm I'm open to a partnership model with you yeahKarl Zhao: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: what I need to finalize is just have a little bit of think about um what the initial phase would lookKarl Zhao: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Because in orderKarl Zhao: andHassaan Ahmad: forKarl Zhao: theHassaan Ahmad: ushKarl Zhao: initial phase. So think about so if you're already try to do something for other people investing the ad dollar and stuff you can kind of move that away just get so for for example for the first couple of months if you remove the ad dollar probably you guys have certain kind of retainer just  
00:31:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: Oh,Karl Zhao: probably do that then right I have I have enough uh so right now We're reinvesting you know re dollar right into the business right the theHassaan Ahmad: yeah.Karl Zhao: the nice thing about is that we already you know half revenue right of both you know from a China and for existing business and as re business grow we're kind of you know we'll be keep on um putting this in and then you guys will be you know a um strategic partner for us.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. in terms of the sales execution ability because what you have is a really strong product and a really strong brand. I want to put somebody really good with the right level of experience at it. Right? That person is going to cost me about $1,500 per month. Okay? But I will only do that after month two or month one once we have gotten to learn your business. So what we canKarl Zhao: So,Hassaan Ahmad: do isKarl Zhao: 1500Hassaan Ahmad: andKarl Zhao: and then we'll give them the the the  
00:32:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: and we'll give them the commission right. So I won't make any money from it. I will only make the commission but they I need to pay them a monthly fee in order to get the right talent and and make sure that they're trained and so forth. Right? So where I'm going with this is I'm looking at this in two phases. The first phase is my team. So me, my partner getting to know you, right? Really understanding what is it that you do, helping you put together your offer, refine your ICP, come up with your messaging, and you know what, we'll do your landing page for you as well because I looked at Gabe and I think it could be better um more optimized for the best audience. So we can throw that in, right? And I will do that for a big fee for you. Okay. If you're happy with that, then we can move to a sales execution motion, right? And then that would have a retainer.  
00:33:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: It won't be 3,000, right? It will be less than 3,000. So, it's going to be retainer plus profit share. Does that work for you?Karl Zhao: Okay. So, there will be a you you you said 1,500, right? Plus commission, right?Hassaan Ahmad: after the second month. The first two months I think I could do a fixed fee 5,000. Would that work? So two months fixed fee 5,000 and for that I will refine your ICP. I will give you um your messaging. I will give you a landing page that will be very well built. It will be built by a meta designer. I IC7 at Meta andKarl Zhao: SoHassaan Ahmad: IKarl Zhao: maybe to do this, right? So uh if you go to Gabe uh gabio.com.Hassaan Ahmad: got it. Yeah.Karl Zhao: Yeah. So basically probably tell like you can just say you don't need to say how to fix it. What's the problems you see? so far and that type of thing.  
00:34:50
 Karl Zhao: Okay. And then uh as far as the the the fees, um yeah, maybe I mean since we don't need to you guys run ads and all that, right? So we got the pretty kind of market testing already. So maybe you can consider lower that. I I guess I really want you guys to make money from, you know, the the uh the the other things.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um,Karl Zhao: I have other offers that's lower than this but I I feel like you guys are kind of more professional and also once you work with us you will be able to take a bunch a lot of the partners that we support to use different type of tools yeah AI toolsHassaan Ahmad: I'm I'm not arguing with any of that, Gabe. And honestly, you would find, sorry I called you Gabe. I apologize for that. Um, you would find people who do that for free as well, right? The only reason why we charge what we charge is you're you're paying for experience, right?  
00:36:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, you're paying for my 14 well 15 years of sales experience. You're paying for my partner's 15 years of design plus offer um offer creation experience. Um, and and you're paying for people who have done that at the scale that you're looking for, right? Um just to give you an example, I was the guy who worked for Moody's for three and a half years and opened up the Central Europe for them. I did I I got them meetings and partnerships with the Central Bank of Kazakhstan. I got them the first ever contract that Moody's had signed with CentralKarl Zhao: AndHassaan Ahmad: Bank.Karl Zhao: okay. So the then you can you if you have some existing customer base you can take us into then that's something that's also right and that's powerful and then you get the commission part ofHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I mean I've got if you look at my LinkedIn connections, you would see some pretty strong candidates there. Like half of my 3,500 or so connects are are sea level and above uh both in government and enterprise.  
00:37:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, I'm not promising that I would get you business for any of them because obviously they have to be in a place where they're buying. A challenge that I foresee is your association with Deep Seek. Is that the only model that you work in work for orKarl Zhao: No, no,Hassaan Ahmad: models?Karl Zhao: I'mHassaan Ahmad: Okay,Karl Zhao: I'm for Deepseek I I I'm just a consultant andHassaan Ahmad: gotcha.Karl Zhao: then I don't so officially kind of associate with them uh in a sense. It's more like a ecosystem side of things. So that's can be easily uh explained. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, fine. In that case, U card, let's do this, right? I will remove the ad budget from the retainer. Uh, sorry, from the retainer, right? I'll drop that to um $4,000 for the first two months. Yeah. For $4,000, we will do a series of interviews with you and your customers, whoever you want to put us in touch with. We will document, understand, identify who your ICP is, why they have bought from you, what outcomes they have seen, um, and what you have been able to accomplish for them.  
00:38:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: We will put that together in a in a web page, sorry, a web copy for you. You can either have your own designers put it together or we can do that for you, right? We'll help you put together an offer um something that is repeatable, scalable that you can monetize and you can ship repeatedly, right? That's going to be for 4,000. If you're happy with all of those, right, and in two months time we can decide if we're going to put a seller on this or not. If we do put a seller on this, I will find the best person that I can, right? I will charge youKarl Zhao: H.Hassaan Ahmad: $1,500 for that person and we'll take the 15% commission on whatever they close. Does that sound okay?Karl Zhao: H. So for the 4,000, can we kind of break down to some for the two months? Maybe I I put I put something up up front like one grand and then we we gave couple of uh milestones to do that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we could do that.  
00:39:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, one grand is probably going to be less. 1,500 is probably going to be there. So, we could do 15,500 um for the first till we do the interviews, right? You see how we do the interviews and then once we deliver the outcomes, you can pass the uh the remainingKarl Zhao: Okay. All right. So that's that seems to be workable but I do need to you guys kind of based on what you see right on my linking based on what I told you uh see on our um uh other social channel we just sort of get this set up right so I I we literally uh just kind of get two um you know uh overseas marking specialist set up like uh three three weeks ago. UhHassaan Ahmad: All right.Karl Zhao: everything else has been kind of based on my uh inbound and all my my uh presences. So I'll be speaking uh you know I got invited to speak on a lot of events and and th all those will be helpful. Yeah.  
00:40:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. What the more information you can provide in terms of any round table recordingsKarl Zhao: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: of yourKarl Zhao: I I I'llHassaan Ahmad: onKarl Zhao: sendHassaan Ahmad: YouTubeKarl Zhao: that uhHassaan Ahmad: and everything.Karl Zhao: I'll send that to you. I'll send that toHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Karl Zhao: you. Um can you um So, let me see. We probably need to put the NDA in place, right?Hassaan Ahmad: of course. Yeah. So, I can share an idea with you once that's done.Karl Zhao: Where where are you located?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm in the UK for now. Well, I am in the UK. Whereabouts are you?Karl Zhao: uh urban California.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Yeah.Karl Zhao: So, but your your target audience like are where uh in more in Europe or more in uh USHassaan Ahmad: I I work well I support businesses globally. It's about 10. Well, it's 11. It's quarter past 11 p.m. right now, but I'm still working because, you know, I work on clients on the West Coast.  
00:41:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: About 70% of the target audience for me is in the US. Uh 30% is Europe forKarl Zhao: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: now. I strKarl Zhao: cool. Cool. Yeah. Uh so the just to let you know the service page on Gab Gabe io is the landing pageHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Karl Zhao: for Google ads. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, good. Um, all right. Well, if you're happy with terms that we've just discussed, um, card, what I'm going to do is I will send you an ND, but I will pull in my design partner and I might ask my guy to get involved as well. We just want to see how the marketing performance is, right? So,Karl Zhao: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: if you don't mind, give him backend access to all the data, whatever he requests. I don't know how it works um to your AdWords performance and he might be able to kind of gain some insights from it as well and see which keywords are trending and you know what we need to do to put in the offer and go for okay but leave that with us.  
00:43:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: I'll I'll share a game plan with you um as soon as the end signKarl Zhao: Yeah. Uh maybe I don't know like in order to because we're the the partners are overseas if you can sign R&DA that re sort of reduce the review cycle on our side. Would that be okay? I sent ours to you.Hassaan Ahmad: that across. Let me take a look and then if there's nothing crazyKarl Zhao: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: then yeahKarl Zhao: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's just a standard thing and then it has all the arbitration and stuff. Yeah. Because otherwise I have to send back to uh to to China have the the partners check and all that. SoHassaan Ahmad: yeah of course no worries. So send the NDA. We'll sign it. Um do you have a contract you want me to sign as well or do you want me to send you mine?Karl Zhao: you can send the template and then we'll go from there and then Yeah. So, we'll figure it out. Okay, soundsHassaan Ahmad: WhatKarl Zhao: good.Hassaan Ahmad: what would it look like for you, Carl? Is that going to go through a detailed review or as in does somebody in China need to approve it or is that something you'reKarl Zhao: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: going toKarl Zhao: Yeah, I need to But we're we're we uh we have Yeah. So there there's a partner that responsible mainly for the overall business. I just need to get his buy in and then I think the yeah the this yeah once you know again probably we need some of your uh you know uh just make sure that you guys are you know giving us what we need and and yeah. So I I I think we there will be approval process but we're not big companies. We try to make it um fast. We want to scale. Okay. Sounds good. Mhm. Thank you. Bye.  
Transcription ended after 00:45:34

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
