---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Iain cahill – 2026/03/17 15:58 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-17T17:14:29.328Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-17T16:22:46.719Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Iain cahill - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Ian. Hello.iain cahill: How are you? You well?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm good. How are you?iain cahill: I'm good. My apologies. I'm being delayed. I just It's our St. Patrick's Day here in Ireland and I had gone into the office for a bit of time and I'm on my way back down the road. So, if you you don't mind, you you'll uh I I'm I'm driving while I speak to you at the same time if that's okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't mind, but are you sure that's safe? I'm more than happy to reschedule if you want.iain cahill: Uh yeah, maybe. Sorry, maybe you might. I kind of got caught out. I thought I'd be wrapped up in the office earlier than time for this. So, do you mind if can we reschedu this maybe to Thursday?Hassaan Ahmad: Thursday.iain cahill: Is that possible?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, Thursday is going to be a bit challenging. Um, how are you for next week?iain cahill: Uh, I don't know.  
00:09:17
 iain cahill: I'll check my diary. See what that is. Um, I tell you would would what, you just would you send me a meeting link again and I I'll just when I get in front of a diary, I'll just re reclate for next week. How's that?Hassaan Ahmad: Yep, sounds great. Ian, leave that with me.iain cahill: Do you want Yeah. Do you want to just give me a bit of a heads up while we're while we're chatting? I I don't have to see the the the full presentation, but just give me a bit a bit of a flavor if that'sHassaan Ahmad: So, Ian, I'm not exactly clear on how you found this,iain cahill: okay.Hassaan Ahmad: but you came across either one of my posts on LinkedIn or you came across an ad for marketing services on uh LinkedIn. So, you booked in some time. The company'siain cahill: It was It was a L. It was a LinkedIn ad I would have respondedHassaan Ahmad: Okay, perfect. And do you remember what you saw on that  
00:10:10
 iain cahill: to.Hassaan Ahmad: ad?iain cahill: Sorry, just just repeatHassaan Ahmad: I was wondering,iain cahill: that.Hassaan Ahmad: do you uh do you remember what you saw on that ad and what made you click?iain cahill: Uh while I'm reading the profile, I presume it's about um uh go to market outreach type programming. So be a little bit smarter around all that kind of stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: Correct. Yeah. So, um we can have a bigger conversation around it, but essentially that's what we do. Um I've looked through your two websites for Gwords and Glo Assist. And um it doesn't sound like you've ever activated either LinkedIn or Meta or any kind of paid advertising or acquisition, have you?iain cahill: No, I did speak to a link I did speak to a LinkedIn guy. I've had advertising. He told me to stay away from it that stage you were as a business and the amount of money that could pour into it was quite excessive. So that's why we've never gone with the LinkedIn roof. In fact, I'm brutally honest,  
00:11:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.iain cahill: we have we've done we've done no paid marketing. I spend about $500 on Instagram messing around with some some stuff this year,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.iain cahill: but a lot of what we do, we tend to do it through collaborative partnerships with um third parties. So my our USP has been who's got a database uh and how do we help them leverage that database on our behalf. So that's kind of the marketing ploy we've used up until now and now we're just looking about how we expanded out of it. Let's get a bitHassaan Ahmad: Okay. And do you have a sense of where you want to get where you want to expandiain cahill: biggerHassaan Ahmad: to?iain cahill: piece of string in fairness to Sam when you make one you I think you want to be a little more specific about that because everyone wants to be a hund00 million business. it doesn't mean we get there but um there's a road map trying to get our head around a bit and it'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:12:16
 iain cahill: sort of if I'm honest we we've been a P2P business I just think we're going to sort of migrate into a B toC type business um so we've just split theHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.iain cahill: products just we're launching a second brand um and we're going into this whole concept around portless healthcare access to um access to urgent care globally without having to sit in behind a an insurance wall in the interest of time and cost. So that's kind of where the migration is.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.iain cahill: It may allow us to play up play upstream from the theme space because you can now look the duty the duty of care element for employees because you're giving something immediate.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.iain cahill: Um, and secondly, we're playing an awful lot in the the so the new brand is called gloass assist.com. So if you take a look at that site, it's it's we we posted live this week and it's about going into the global mobility sector,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.iain cahill: this um global transient space that people sit in. So we're kind of in we're in that state of I suppose separation flux etc etc. So trying to figure out which way we play  
00:13:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. So, if I caught that correctly and the signal is a bit bad,iain cahill: thatHassaan Ahmad: so apologies if I've missed anything. Um, the theme stuff is okay, but you want to unlock the next phase of your growth. And to do that, you have launched a new brand around global mobility. That's global assist. And that's just gone live this week. Correct.iain cahill: Yeah. Well, yeah, we we have it's it's lived. It's Yeah, we just I think we sound we sound we signed off the final iteration of it in the office today. So, that now has gone live.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.iain cahill: Um we will be hoping to announce at least one partnership in the next 10 days which will give that a bit of credence around where it gets food.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.iain cahill: Uh and then we're in discussions with another partnership in the UK. Uh I'm going to try and figure out what that might look like over the next set of four or five days.  
00:14:33
 iain cahill: So again, it's this idea around globalization of healthcare simplicity of activity and in a world where everything's getting overly complex trying to pair things back at him.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. What when you say partnerships, what kind of partnerships are we talking about?iain cahill: Uh well, one of them um they would be the one of the leading uh networks for anti-thnic minority communities. So they'd have 600 700 business owners in the network. uh but also the influence across the international student space right in center of the world we're trying toHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.iain cahill: play and the other is a UK business that is an umbrella for the whole mills and trust industry it's got several thousand people and stuff in the middleHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.iain cahill: of it so we're just trying to articulate what that looksHassaan Ahmad: Okay. And what you're looking to do with us or someone like us is to is to activate another channel basically. So partnerships is one, but you want to go or you you want to explore a more direct routeiain cahill: Well, I want to see I want to see what the marketplace is and what it looks like.  
00:15:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: toiain cahill: I mean to be honest with you, you know, we're we're still only a bootstrap business um on anything that's regarded 90 days to spend 10 grand to see how how we might get on. I'd be honest, too. So, but at the same time, we can't ignore the marketplace for what it is. So, I've got to understand why we should be activating alternative marketing as opposed to why we're not doing it today. and I don't have the answers which is why I reached out my house to take a lookHassaan Ahmad: Okay. No, that's that's helpful context to understand.iain cahill: atHassaan Ahmad: By the way, did I catch that? Are you spending 10 grand over 90 days or do you is that your test bud?iain cahill: no no what I said is if somebody comes back to me with a proposal that looks like that I get very jaest about the thought process unless there's some real hard credence around what's happeningHassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Uh yeah, I think that that's helpful context.  
00:16:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: So that leads me to you to my next question then. Have you when you think about it internally? What are you allocating to testing new new channels, new strategies? Is that something that's currently budgeted or is that going to be based on whatever proposals you get?iain cahill: Uh it's more the latter than the former. You mean you know every quarter the challenge that we've had is that you know every quarter I bring inHassaan Ahmad: Okay.iain cahill: consultants. So we burned through quite a bit of money this quarter for quarter one with no results in it.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.iain cahill: Consultants who all knew that they were what they were talking about and yet we end up with f*** all apart from another bunch of cash spent. So that's sort of that whole process is annoying the s*** out of me about it. And in a world where everything's gone AI, SEO, you know, I'm trying to find the people who are smarter around this stuff and the traditional focus of what's taking place because it's uh I just I find the world's full of people with um lovely ideas, plenty of of thought, but no actual resulting execution  
00:17:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,iain cahill: thatHassaan Ahmad: execution is what uh separates umiain cahill: well sorry it's it's bottom line if the business grows or not. So at the end of this quarter, we'll have burnt through if you know this quarter's marketing budget and our growth has been I'd argue zero. They'd argue there's been some tacid growth, but I don't believe it. And and I'm I'm 25 years in sales now at this stage. So I know I say never b******* a b********** because it doesn't work that well, youHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, absolutely. Um,iain cahill: know.Hassaan Ahmad: tell tell me something. What kind of consultants have you brought in? What have you tried before?iain cahill: Well, I was in the middle of a whole guy doing goth marketing, but you know, eight weeks of ICP conversations and a bit of messaging has me a little bit John's gone. That's not I I know what the ICP is, guys, because I'm at this long enough. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Hey,iain cahill: um, and we've done some cold outreach in the back of that stuff using the messaging and so on and so forth.  
00:18:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: what?iain cahill: But I there's my gut's telling me the world's changed. There's a smarter way at this. I just I need to find the consultants who have got a smart way at it because I don't believe the traditional road is any way as effective.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,iain cahill: It used to be the world's too noisy now at thisHassaan Ahmad: know you're you're absolutely right on that. Um,iain cahill: stage.Hassaan Ahmad: so I've been a seller for 15 years and over the past one maybe two years what I found is the traditional methods have just tacked. Your emails no longer work. SEO even no longer works that well because people are just going on chat GPTiain cahill: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and asking what's the best way for me to get insurance or something like that. So, and and and that's gotten quite tricky because people are calling it now GEO, so generative engine optimization. And that's a very hard nut to crack because the models are essentially a black box. You need to build authority over a number of different places in order for the models to assign you a score high enough that gets them to recommend you.  
00:20:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: So that's something that requires time and effort um to compound over time. You're looking at a probably three maybe six month time to actually get to a point where CHBD starts recommending you. However, I think the space that you operate in um there's stuff that one can do to compress that time. What do I mean by that? um you're you're in a very niche market. So your best customer I think is going to be either a student wanting to come into UK or wanting to go into Europe for example or or somebody who's looking to relocate uh businesses whoiain cahill: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: have sorryiain cahill: But I Yeah. No. Yeah. All that's valid. like that's the reason why we've got the source of the of the organizations of the databases because you know I was trying to acquire a single student on a one by oneHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.iain cahill: basis doesn't work. So like you know we've got we've got relations with one or two English language colleges where we're embedded as part of  
00:21:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.iain cahill: the offering of their of the course of the first 90 days like we're we're much more much more strategic than I about these things than just tactics you know soHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. I think you've done a really smart point there. Um,iain cahill: umHassaan Ahmad: what you could also do is get those guys to do um do content that refers you. So, whatever they have, just make it public. I, you know, I could do some work on that and uh see how how visible you are. But that could be a pillar that you could activate independent of me or whoiain cahill: Yeah. Well, we've been uh Yeah. Well, look, I mean, look, I tell you what. I mean, not to be disingenuous to you, but I think this it does require us to have a better chat to be on on the car driving. So, send me that link.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Great. No worries. No worries. I would send that link and then definitely let's have a conversation next week.  
Transcription ended after 00:22:36

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
