---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Luke Ireland x Hassaan (Remotir) - 2026 revenue strategy – 2026/03/24 15:57 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-24T17:14:28.043Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-24T16:25:30.880Z
---


Luke Ireland x Hassaan (Remotir) - 2026 revenue strategy - Transcript
00:00:00
 Luke Ireland: Good afternoon.Hassaan Ahmad: Lou, good afternoon. How are you?Luke Ireland: I'm very good. Thank you. Yourself?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well, thank you.Luke Ireland: Excellent. Good, man. Right. Nice to meet you. Get my camera working in the right place.Hassaan Ahmad: It's great to meet you. Sorry.Luke Ireland: Good. I'm trying to get my computer all organized. It's at the end of the day, it all gets a bit messy.Hassaan Ahmad: I can imagine. Um I find that Claude is a big big helper, you know. I I don't know if you'd use it, but ILuke Ireland: We use we use we use it all the time and I'm I'm just um the reason I'm also I've just got a system now to synchronize between my two computers the co-work um things going some stuff on my laptop some stuff on my computer I've just worked out how to synchronize the two of them so that'sHassaan Ahmad: Well, you know, we've got to set up a separate time for you to take me through that because I honestly would don't know what I would do without cloud now.  
00:02:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: It'sLuke Ireland: It's unbelievable when they say AI first.Hassaan Ahmad: justLuke Ireland: This is what you mean, right? You every time you think so, right? Can I do that? Claude, we just um this week we just taken one of our cons customer success people 60% ofHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Luke Ireland: their work work uh off them through Claude.Hassaan Ahmad: Wow.Luke Ireland: I mean they'll do some other more useful things for sure but um yeah 60% of the workload off them we've won we've won yeah it's justHassaan Ahmad: That's incredible. I find I find the same with me as well. Like, you know, even before this call,Luke Ireland: amazingHassaan Ahmad: you know, when I was doing my research and getting prepped for it, it just the amount of time it saved me just before this call was just incredible. And I have four or five of them a day, just same as you.Luke Ireland: yeah it's it's we've run this little thing now for the sales guys to research a it automatically researches a client It um brings up a list of um the questions they  
00:03:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: Incredible.Luke Ireland: should ask that client during this during the sales processes. The demo process. It's it's a complete it's customized sales um and demonstration flow that's created automatically using using cl.Hassaan Ahmad: Incredible. Hey, we could talk all day about it.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: This is one of my favorite topics, but I know we've got 27 minutes.Luke Ireland: Yeah. Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: um would love to get started. Do you have a hard stop at 4:30 or are you flexible?Luke Ireland: I'm fine. So, it's okay. I'm all good.Hassaan Ahmad: Luke, you may not remember this uh but we spoke inLuke Ireland: Yeah, we did speak. I spoke before. Yeah, we we we we've moved on a bit since then.Hassaan Ahmad: October.Luke Ireland: So, yeah, we spoke before. I can't remember how conclusion the conversation was, but um we just we're just about to close our next round of funding. So, we're just looking at what what the options are post that.Hassaan Ahmad: Perfect.  
00:04:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, so here's what my notes are saying and what I would love to do is, you know, get a sense of understanding of what has changed in the past five or so months. So last time we spoke,Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you mentioned that you were at about 400K, so 375 400k ARR. You were looking to close another 104ish.Luke Ireland: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So you were very confident that get to 500 at that time.Luke Ireland: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh the goal that you shared with me was that you wanted to get to 1 million in 18 months.Luke Ireland: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So you effectively wanted to double in the next 18 or so months.Luke Ireland: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: uh fund raise I think was ongoing at that time. So keen to haveLuke Ireland: b*******. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We didn't we didn't do that particular we didn't do that particular one,Hassaan Ahmad: soLuke Ireland: but we're about to do another one. So, that's they gave us they they they changed tries to change the uh the game at the last minute  
00:04:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: okayLuke Ireland: and I don't work like that. So, there you go. So,Hassaan Ahmad: as they I don't know why they do it but hey you know it is what it is.Luke Ireland: there we go.Hassaan Ahmad: Um and you mentioned that you know you you you were pretty successful so you and Andrew were both doing the demos yourselves.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Close rate was pretty high.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You had a uh you had two agencies. One was doing cold calling. The other one was setting up LinkedIn ads for you, but you mentioned that you would love to grow faster than that.Luke Ireland: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's what my notes are.Luke Ireland: correct.Hassaan Ahmad: Um what has changed since then and what made you take the callLuke Ireland: So, we we're at 500,000 now.Hassaan Ahmad: again?Luke Ireland: Um, we are, you know, we're about to I got meeting with the guys on Thursday in Harlem to hopefully to close to get a contract term sheet signed. So we're we're dealing with a more professional outfit and we've also we're about to launch a new product the same based on same concept but for a different for a different segment of the market and that requires you know it's going to require um a lot more sales activity than we're possibly able to manage.  
00:05:49
 Luke Ireland: Um, so the options are I guess still hire more people or do what I prefer doing which is outsourcing on um because it's it's much more controllable from that point ofHassaan Ahmad: Okay, gotcha.Luke Ireland: view.Hassaan Ahmad: How big is the round now and how much of that are you thinking about deploying towards marketing?Luke Ireland: It's a it's a million euros so 865,000 about 1.2 2 millionHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: US and um it will be about 40% of that will marketingHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um,Luke Ireland: spendHassaan Ahmad: I noticed that you launched a new partnership in the US. So, is the focus going to the US and the triple seed? ILuke Ireland: ages ago. That's three years old.Hassaan Ahmad: thinkLuke Ireland: That is anyone I was going to say we're just about to launch a partnership with Seven Rooms. I was thinking how how do you do that?Hassaan Ahmad: psychic.Luke Ireland: We're about to launch partnership with Seven Rooms. So, um, uh,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: that's obviously, you know, they're a pretty major player in the market that they're in. They don't do anything that we do.  
00:06:50
 Luke Ireland: Um, you know, they've got ambitions, as you might imagine, having been acquired for a billion dollars. You tend to have someone having ambitions for you if you haven't got them yourself. Um, so they got some pretty big ambitions and and we we'll we'll form part of that growth withHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Luke Ireland: them. So, yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Luke Ireland: we're doing we've got good thing going on there.Hassaan Ahmad: So is the driving force behind you and me having this conversation today the new product and how you take it to market or isLuke Ireland: Yeah, it will be part of that, but also it's about,Hassaan Ahmad: itLuke Ireland: you know, potential US expansion as part of this raise. Um, you know, we're looking at potentially entering the US market. We think that it was going to be the Middle East market, but that's that's that's that's not the quick search and place on deckHassaan Ahmad: What?Luke Ireland: for me with US will happen quite quickly. Um so um but we think we we actually think that to mention one company triple seat as an example being bought by private equity second lot private equity and what we're hearing is everyone's gone all the all the founders and everyone's just gone.  
00:07:57
 Luke Ireland: Everyone we ever spoke to is gone. Uh and they're just trying the old private equity thing which which is put the price up. don't don't don't add any more don't add any more cost or features and drop your support levels. So on the basis of that we think we can get go to the US market and and get triple seats some of triple seats marketHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Luke Ireland: thereHassaan Ahmad: Um I think that is quite reasonable. And yeah, every single time private equity would come, they would fire a bunch of people, put the prices up, leaves the marketLuke Ireland: my wife works in constantly private equity firms as a CFO and I know exactly how itHassaan Ahmad: forLuke Ireland: works. Absolutely. It's not very innovative,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Luke Ireland: but that's the way that's the way it works. And and it's an opportunity for us clearly because, you know, we can we can um you know get get their market if their customers dish, we can get we can get their market off  
00:08:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay.Luke Ireland: them.Hassaan Ahmad: So, um, when we last spoke, you had a couple of people or a couple of agencies doing some work for you.Luke Ireland: Yep. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Is that still the play?Luke Ireland: Yeah. Still the case.Hassaan Ahmad: Do youLuke Ireland: Still the case. And they they do they do a good job in what they're doing. um you know um but you know it's it's just a m we want to get to the next level.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: So it's not it's it probably may not be the the people we carry on with ongoing because you know we we needHassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, what is the look like for you?Luke Ireland: to we we get to 3Hassaan Ahmad: What what on top of what they're currently doing for you?Luke Ireland: million sorry 5 million AR within the next within the next by next two and a half years so the end of 2028.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, adding about 2 million a year is what you're after.  
00:09:37
 Luke Ireland: Yes. Correct. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And what's your read on what that what's that going to take for you?Luke Ireland: um marketing spend uh some a lot of development a lot of development resource that's that's that's separate subjects and some sales sales activ sales activity both in UK Ireland but also theHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Luke Ireland: USHassaan Ahmad: Is the product flow still demo based? Are you involved in every sale or are you moving towards more of a self-sLuke Ireland: with the the stuff we're doing with with seven rooms will be self-s served for sure 100% well apart from the bigHassaan Ahmad: serveLuke Ireland: the big chains for your for your average customer is going to be it's going to be completely self-s served. We can't no it's it's a much lower um cost per cost per se cost per per month because it needs to be for the restaurant market. Um so it just you we could do demos but it just doesn't justify it unless it's a big chain it won't  
00:10:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Luke Ireland: justify.Hassaan Ahmad: Last time we spoke you were your average was about 2500 poundsLuke Ireland: Yeah, it's probably more that's more or less more like three and a half thousand ACV.Hassaan Ahmad: ACV.Luke Ireland: We'll put our prices up twice since then. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Luke Ireland: so but but on this particular this this new product, it's going to be more like six or 700 ACV because just we because we're an add-on. We're not a we're not the product itself. We're an add-on to existing product. So, and I really want to price it such that it's complete just like well no we're no why wouldn't you do that? You know, just literally it doesn't make any sense not to at the price we're going to offer it at. Um whereas with our you know our current product and some of those venues will better use our current product for our current product you know it's a considered purchase but it we definitely get massive ROI but there's no way we're going to go to a restaurant and charge 250 300 pound a month for our product which just won't happen which won't  
00:11:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, yeah, what I'm hearing then is you've got you've got two separate play, right? So, one is lower end of the market where the goal is just penetrate with a very very decent price point, make it a self purchase, make it, you know,Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: pretty impulsive for lack of word. Um,Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: on the other end, you want to free yourself up to do more high level stuff where, you know, you're going after bigger partnerships, bigger chains,Luke Ireland: Correct.Hassaan Ahmad: multi-Luke Ireland: Exactly. Exactly right.Hassaan Ahmad: multiple.Luke Ireland: Exactly right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we're effectively looking at two separate motions then because one what works for one is not going to work for theLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: other.Luke Ireland: Correct. Exactly right. 100%.Hassaan Ahmad: How do you set up for either of those right now?Luke Ireland: Um I think on the higher stuff we're okay because we understand that market really well.  
00:12:17
 Luke Ireland: It's it's more the volume, you know, productled effectively um stuff that we're looking at.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Gotcha. Who's going to be Have you had some thoughts around who you would target forLuke Ireland: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: that?Luke Ireland: we got a list of customers. We got a list of targets.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: We got seven rooms have given us their customer list.Hassaan Ahmad: AllLuke Ireland: So, so we know we don't know who we need to target.Hassaan Ahmad: right.Luke Ireland: Um, there'll be more people than those on that list,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Luke Ireland: but that gives us a pretty good a pretty good place to places to start with. Two and a half thousand customers in the UK and about 20 thou 25,000 customers in the US. So, you know, we've got a pretty good place to start.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. So then the challenge that I'm hearing is make them aware of the partnership, educate them, bring them along the journey, move them along the consideration and the purchase path to get them to self-s serve and check  
00:13:10
 Luke Ireland: Yeah, correct.Hassaan Ahmad: out.Luke Ireland: Yeah, correct. Exactly right.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, perfect. Um so the ask is clear.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You're looking for somebody to come and engineer that um to the tune of to take you to as far as possible towards that 2 million additional target as possible.Luke Ireland: Well, five million five million are within two and a half years.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Luke Ireland: Yeah. But by the end of 2020,Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Luke Ireland: correct? Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Gotcha.Luke Ireland: that's the plan.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. Do you have in-house marketing right now or isLuke Ireland: We don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: it What does the current marketing uh currentLuke Ireland: No.Hassaan Ahmad: LinkedIn team do for you?Luke Ireland: Uh they do LinkedIn creative for us. They do LinkedIn advertising management as we they do do our customer case studies content for our website. So they interview customers, they create the content, they do the do the case study, they publish it, that's what they do.  
00:13:59
 Luke Ireland: But but so it's a mixture of LinkedIn and content for our website.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. So, where's theLuke Ireland: Um I don't really know to be to be honest.Hassaan Ahmad: gap?Luke Ireland: I I don't think we're doing enough, you know, to be honest. You don't have enough content. I don't think we do enough of it. But that's a factor of spend. But also not ever so happy with a lot of the content they produce. It's not always doesn't seem to be I think they're using a bit too much AI and you canHassaan Ahmad: Let's So what do you mean like is it just just sound AILuke Ireland: tellHassaan Ahmad: written or is it notLuke Ireland: just not just really it doesn't really hit the mark in ter you know you should be pointing out aHassaan Ahmad: converting?Luke Ireland: very specific pain point the customer's going to going to feel you knowHassaan Ahmad: Uhhuh.Luke Ireland: such as you know you can't take bookings over eight people in the UK that that's with German the because you're you're not doing pre-orders.  
00:14:51
 Luke Ireland: That's a lot of pay. You're losing you're losing customers because of what you're doing. Current solves that problem. That's really the sort of message we got for that particular new segment as an example. Um yeah, but it just doesn't seem to be sharp enough as far as I'mHassaan Ahmad: Okay, fair.Luke Ireland: concerned.Hassaan Ahmad: Last time we spoke, you called that out as one of the things that you were that brought you to us.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You mentioned that our messaging and positioning work was why you want to well look at us.Luke Ireland: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So that bit is still stands. We're better at it because you know we've got a couple months more experience behind us. Um we've done that for a couple of customers now.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I typically do B2 well pretty much only do B2B SAS. So that's my sweet spot. And I can take you through a couple of examples of what we're doing.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I can actually take you through a live example of something I'm working on um which is going to be live, you know, maybe tomorrow or Thursday.  
00:15:47
 Luke Ireland: Great. That' be fantastic.Hassaan Ahmad: Um so that's one.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But the other thing that we have done since you and I last spoke is lean more heavily into the authority piece. So you may have seen that on our website,Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but we so the LinkedIn management campaigns and stuff, that stuff is cookie cutter. We're doing that. Last time we spoke, I was doing that for three grand. Realized I don't want to do that for three grand anymore. I do that for one grand now, which is because,Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, AI has made us better.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we can do things faster and you know it's like you say this is the lowerLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: entry market point for us what we also do and I don't think you're doing that enough is the founder top offunnel thought leadership stuffLuke Ireland: Yeah. WeHassaan Ahmad: yeah that that is included in thatLuke Ireland: don'tHassaan Ahmad: 999 and the reason why do that is because when you go after a new market and you're trying to establish trust that is that works much better than a company page.  
00:16:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: You have amazing logos there, but you as a founder and you know if we do that for Andrew as well, that just gets so much more reach and lowers the cost and it's better. Now on the authority piece, so that's the authority piece plus what we do is more very specific, highly pointed um I want to say industry-leading work which establishes you asLuke Ireland: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: the only player in the market doing what you do. Yeah. So the example that I can take you through isLuke Ireland: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: uh it's an identity access manager in the UK.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's UK's largest my login the name. Um they do password management which is really unsexy by the name by theLuke Ireland: Well, unless you're sponsoring a 401 team in case it might be, but I imagine they don't.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. But um what we've so it's something that pretty much every large enterprise already has.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: They either have an octa or a Microsoft or something else. The low the smaller ones I use Dashlane or Apple or whatever.  
00:18:00
 Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So pretty much everyone would have a solution for that right now.Luke Ireland: Yep. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the market we're trying to penetrate for them. The challenge and the brief that they gave us was get us into the large accounting firms. That's what we need to that was three months ago. Now the new brief which has come this week is there's a new HMRCLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: reg mandate that's come out. Go live is two months from now which means that the opportunity to generate pipe is two months. So we've got to go live with that. Yeah.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So we so we would take that very very specific brief and as you can imagine forLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: a marketing firm to understand stuff that HMRC is saying about identity access management that requires some gymnastics right but that's why we're so good at what we do we come from enterprise backgroundsLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we've understood exactly what needs to happen what's the cost of an action for companies not doing it today we then take that turn that into messaging turn that into a whole campaign and do it I'll show you an example of how we've done um we've done a couple of angles for them.  
00:19:07
 Luke Ireland: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll show you two of them. The first one is um this where this is the kind of messaging that we come came up with and you can imagine that this is so specific that it's it's a case of if you knowLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you know right it wouldn't make sense to you but if a MD at an accounting firm comes across itLuke Ireland: I I I I All I know all abouting government.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry.Luke Ireland: Yeah. Go to the end of your end of your garden, pick up a gnome. Under the gnome, there's a code. Come back in. Text that code to this number. It's just likeHassaan Ahmad: Wait, wait. Go to my one login.Luke Ireland: unbelievable.Hassaan Ahmad: It's going to solve your life. Literally, it's a one-click solution. It's going to solve yourLuke Ireland: I'll tell my wife. She said a lot more than me,Hassaan Ahmad: life.Luke Ireland: but I I I definitely I definitely understand the pain. I only do it once once in a blue moon, but I do know.  
00:20:06
 Luke Ireland: Yeah. For sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. So, so you can now tell that this is how specific we went into it, right? Which then had the direct impact of the CTO of a top 40 UK accounting firm coming to us andLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: saying, "I want to talk to you." MD of top 20 UK accounting firm coming to us wanting to have a conversation because it spoke so viscerally to them. Yeah.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And that's what we do across all of our clients. Yeah. So, that was one angle that we're running. Now, we've got the new brief for the accounting firms. we're going to do something else. But this is to show you the quality and the depth specificity of the messaging that we can come up with. Yeah. The other thing on the authority piece that we were doing was um what's that?Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um yeah, I think it's this one. I have to look at I can show you this.  
00:21:06
 Luke Ireland: Heat.Hassaan Ahmad: It's something like this where so you have a version of an ROI calculator already on your website.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. This goes deeper because it marries subject matter expertise with the ROI stuff.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So this is an assessment that a CTO only a CTO or a CIO can do to see how exposed they are to US cloud act.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Right? Again the reason I'm showing you this as an example is to show you theLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: depth that we go to to get the right kind of customer in for you.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Luke Ireland: Got it.Hassaan Ahmad: Um I could take you through this assessment but you know it's not the best use of yourLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: time. But this is highly researched, extremely in-depth getting to a very specific pain point. So by the time that somebody has been through the process and comes to comes to you,Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: they've selfqualified. You know, you know what their problem is,  
00:22:05
 Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you know how much it's costing them, you know how to make the business case and so forth.Luke Ireland: Yeah. Sure. Sure. Sure. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um that's something that we can do on the high level stuff but also we could dump it down and we could do aLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: simpler version of that make it more self-s served so that anybody who comes across it does it seesLuke Ireland: Yeah. Got it.Hassaan Ahmad: what it's what it cost them today what the ROI is going to be and so forth and they take that through the funnel. That's on the content piece but also the the art lies in getting people in through the funnel. You've got some already. we could activate those and then we could go um and see how we how we extendLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that to how we extend the net that we're putting in and get people in. Yeah.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So um again price point is much more amable now $999.  
00:22:57
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um for 999 I wouldn't do these assessments for you but I would do the founder assess uh founder thought leadership as well as the pipeline management if you wanted me to. If you just wanted the help with messaging and letting your existing agency take careLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: of it, happy to talk about that as well. I don't want to, you know, pitch you more than that because we've had this conversation before.Luke Ireland: Yeah. For sure. Sure. Sure. Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: I really want to understand what would move the needle for you and if you see anything that we could collaborate on.Luke Ireland: Um yeah, yeah, I'm I'm not that impressed by positioning right now to be perfectly honest with you. So yeah, that to me would be would be the thing that I would, you know, that I think we we really need to nail that to be honest. I think my our website still doesn't really the website's a lot better than it was,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: but I don't think it's anywhere near where where where it should be.  
00:23:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And from what you've seen,Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: do you have you does that give you enough confidence into how deeply we can understand something and whip something?Luke Ireland: Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: Absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. So, what would you like the next step to be, ifLuke Ireland: Um yeah, I let me let me have a think about it.Hassaan Ahmad: any?Luke Ireland: I mean, and let me let's close this this funding round first because I that gives us a decision that I aware is what we do with our what how big we're going to go or otherwise and then I should know that on that basically by the middle ofHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: next week hopefully we get deal done tomorrow on Thursday.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: Um and then I'll come back to you and we'll we'll have another conversation but I think I'm really interestedHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Let us So, end of next week is going to be Good Friday. Should we get maybe 30 minutes in for Thursday the 2nd just to see where you've gottenLuke Ireland: Yeah, sure. Um, I'm in an event,Hassaan Ahmad: to 10:00 onLuke Ireland: sold an event and a customer. So, I could do 10 o'clock.Hassaan Ahmad: Thursday 2nd?Luke Ireland: Yeah. Yeah. Well, that works for you.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Luke Ireland: Fantastic.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. I will send the invite to you. Do you want to bring Andrew into this as well or justLuke Ireland: Uh, yeah, I'm with Andrew so he can join.Hassaan Ahmad: you?Luke Ireland: He can join at the same time. For sure. No problem.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. So, let's do the both of us.  
Transcription ended after 00:25:35

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
