---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Nick/Hassaan: 1-1 – 2026/03/18 11:59 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-18T13:14:27.626Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-18T12:58:30.166Z
---


Nick/Hassaan: 1-1 - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, Nick.Nicholas Clarkson: fan. How are you, man?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm well. How areNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I'm all right, thanks.Hassaan Ahmad: you?Nicholas Clarkson: All right, let me pull you to my eye level. How weHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: going?Hassaan Ahmad: It's going all right, man. My son's got a midair infection. So, that's been running uh that's been the week. Yeah. He was running a 40 degree fever for So, he was running it from Saturday, Sunday, Monday, and one day we saw the GP. The GP prescribed antibiotics.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, now he's on them. Still not out of the woods, but getting slightly better.Nicholas Clarkson: Still 40.Hassaan Ahmad: Nah.Nicholas Clarkson: Is it?Hassaan Ahmad: So now it's come down. So now it's 38.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But he's getting paracetamol every 46 hours. We don't know if if it's the impact of that orNicholas Clarkson: probably will be.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But you know that's uh joys of  
00:02:39
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: parenthood.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, if you if you read anything on it, it's like 40° they say is dangerous, but I mean I can't tell you the amount of times our kids had 40° temperatures for, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: seemingly days on end. So, but you're right to do be cautious,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: The body needs to be like like the body just dies if it doesn't you know if it's longterm one or two degrees off like kills your healthHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, like I see him and he's so he's quite high energy,Nicholas Clarkson: right.Hassaan Ahmad: but you can tell that when the medicine's working, you know, he's sustaining the energy, you know, he's running around, he's doing his stuff, but the moment the medicine tapers off, you can see him going visibly down. And then he's like, I want to cuddle. I want to be in a blanket, you know, just sit with me. Don't go anywhere. Yeah. But hey, it is what it is.  
00:03:36
 Nicholas Clarkson: Poor little guy.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, yourNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah, they're good.Hassaan Ahmad: kids.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, yeah. Look at that. It's just carnage. There's always screaming and fighting in our house. But yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's typical, man. Typical.Nicholas Clarkson: No, no, but good. I I'm have to say like I've been sort of fighting in a Yeah. I just say like at times I feel like mentally unwell. Like I'm just I go like drop the kids off in the morning at school and then I at my desk I take no break. I work until however four five o'lock and then I do a kids activity after school bedtime and it's like seven days a week and I work so IHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: never ever get downtime but like something's happened in the last week or two like I took up your suggestion of Claude co-work and actually I was looking at um uh open claw you know openHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: claw So, I actually bought a second machine for Open Claw.  
00:04:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So, I've got it here and like well the setup was a bit of a nightmare. Even my developer was saying it was horrible and it keeps crashing and I was like I wonder if I can spinHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Claude up on there. So, I went with the Max plan as you said. I was like right I'm going to glue all my tools together. I got it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Like it's like notion is talking to Atio is talking to Hey Reach, creating deals, sending approval workflows into Slack with with so I wrote a whole knowledge base on how we speak. So it it qualifies a lead and then goes this is how we suggest you reply in Slack. You get the message,Hassaan Ahmad: Wow.Nicholas Clarkson: you can approve it or like edit it and then it sends it back.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Nicholas Clarkson: It's like and all I had to do is set up a $10 a month make account. It's like well I can't do it natively or I can.  
00:05:40
 Nicholas Clarkson: If I can't,Hassaan Ahmad: What?Nicholas Clarkson: I'll do it via make and it's like spinning it up and yeah, it takes a while and and like you have to like or I'm so glad I've got a second desktop because it takes up you know you don't like I'm working right but if I got a minute it's like and it's like the future is here. It's unbelievable.Hassaan Ahmad: crazy man. You know, uh Nvidia CEO, he called Open Claw the most important invention in history, like ever. And if you think about it, think of what you're doing, man. Like you've got NEA built in. You've got all the workflows built in. You basically have a second you or what VA who just knows you so well. And I haven't tried it myself. Well, I tried and I failed and then I got bored. I've heard that it gets better over time. So, it learns from your interactions and it just gets better over time. If you keep investing in it and keep working with it, who knows where you're going to be in a  
00:06:50
 Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, I I you just I think you're like this,Hassaan Ahmad: month.Nicholas Clarkson: but I'm I'm I feel like I am. It's like, you know, I can have a sense of where the future's going and and you know, it's like those that are not adopting this now are going to get so far behind. And you know, I think a lot of people are living in fear about what AI is going to do, but people like you and I are going, "No, no, no. I can now do all the things I couldn't. And I can I know what I I know the outcome I want.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Nicholas Clarkson: Uh now I don't have to get like a a technical integration specialist to do A, B, and C or whatever it is. It's like I know the process. Here it is. Go and build it. I don't want to learn make. I just want to tell you how it works.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: f******Hassaan Ahmad: That's literally how I've built my business.  
00:07:39
 Nicholas Clarkson: unbelievable.Hassaan Ahmad: So when I So last year what I was doing was I had re people doing research, I had a designer, I had like all of that stuff, people, you know, crunching in the background. And my biggest frustration was them not getting what I was saying exactly as I wanted it to be understood. like I wasn't able to just take what I was visualizing in my mind and give it to themNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: probably because you know they didn't have the experience or whatever but probably because whatever but what I unlocked starting December when the claude new models came out and uh Adnan introduced me to cursor was holy s*** I could spin up somebody that I want to do one task really really really well in the way that I want it done and just productize it like man that was the big so now I've got that workflow where it takes me so we onboarded a client last week we had the onboarding call with them on Thursday by yesterday so Thursday was the onboarding call middle of the day Friday we started working Saturday Sunday was of Monday.  
00:09:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: We had pushed everything whatever everything that we needed to do to get him go live. Like we have compressed the time to go live from the two weeks or 3 weeks that used to take us to two days. That was two days because we were waiting on some requirements from him. So that's and we've done that with a team of three.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Well, yeah, a team of three.Nicholas Clarkson: Wow. There youHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's incredible.Nicholas Clarkson: go.Hassaan Ahmad: And the cost of doing that is $200 per month. Three per month. Nothing. It's absolutelyNicholas Clarkson: No, no, it's just hugely sc this is,Hassaan Ahmad: nothing.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, we always had that question about, you know, your business model has to be has to be scalable where uh yeah, you're not the the bottleneck, right? And this like the unlock has just arrived.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: You've launched your business just at the right time as these tools will come online when most peopleHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.  
00:10:05
 Nicholas Clarkson: don't know what they're capable of.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. But you know what, Nick, what I'm realizing is they're only as good as the person running them. If you don't know what good looks like, then they will keep spinning out.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you would still be impressed with them because you yourself have no experience and no idea of what good looksNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: like. And so when I think about it, I think you and I are in a position and you know probably thousands others like us because we've had a career behind us.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We've been through the slog. We've been in the boardrooms. We've done what needed to be done to now have a very crystal clear opinion on what is it that needs that moves the needle. Anybody who doesn't have that, they can have the best tools, but they would still be turning outNicholas Clarkson: I know exactly. Yeah. I I still think there's a lot of people in the corporate world that,Hassaan Ahmad: medium.  
00:10:58
 Nicholas Clarkson: you know, they sit in a This is like we talk about silos, right? They sit in a functional sign. They have no curiosity about what anyone else is doing, right? the curious minds, you know, and that's partly why you probably left. It's like I'm leaving value on the table here. I I you know, I'm I'm I don't want to be stuck in this world.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I'm too good for this. Given what I know, I can monetize my capability much more.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: And and the ones that do it have done that because they know fundamentally they know things that others don't or they think differently. You know, I I don't know about you, but I have a thousand thoughts a minute. And sometimes it's so fleeting that if I don't capture it,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: it's gone. You know, like another thing I've just done this week, I don't know if you know it, but this is one back for you is um raycast.Hassaan Ahmad: Raycast.  
00:11:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: I do command shift.Hassaan Ahmad: What is it?Nicholas Clarkson: It overrides um spotlight search. If I do now like umHassaan Ahmad: Oh,Nicholas Clarkson: come on it.Hassaan Ahmad: you you've got to show me what you're doing, man. I'm very excited about this stuff.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. So things like I mean it's entire screen. Here we go. thought it's going to be a bit wide. But if I do ahHassaan Ahmad: How wide is yourNicholas Clarkson: this is my second desktop but if I do like command spaceHassaan Ahmad: And this isNicholas Clarkson: uh yeah yeah yeah search files now I goHassaan Ahmad: raycast.Nicholas Clarkson: like code clue what I code clues I'm still working out is it oh yeah Sorry. Come on. Oh sh I am. There we go. Search files. Search files. Yeah, there is shortcuts. Yeah. Right. And I go code. So I can now like there's I can you know if I've got files I'm trying to put them in folders, right?  
00:13:12
 Nicholas Clarkson: Or I'm going to have to try and access. It's basically your keyboard shortcut. So you can like, you know, I can do command T. I'm still working this out, mate. You have to forgive me. Um, I've I've changed my shortcuts literally this morning. Command T, right? Tick tick.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh,Nicholas Clarkson: Command T. Claude. And it's like you can build all these shortcuts where it's like,Hassaan Ahmad: wow.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, you can whatever do a shortcut to any any um spotlight is super weak. You can you can go in here and like set what whatever your shortcuts are. I go my extensions like any extension they've got.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: I go in here and if I want to record a hotkey, you just do do whatever it is you want to do. And then you you you think about all the time saved, you know, where you're going through buried stuff like it's like, okay, I've got an invoice.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I want to stick it in this folder and I want to flick it on to my expenses log, you know?  
00:14:19
 Nicholas Clarkson: It's like the Mac has always been Spotlight's always been really weak at that. Raycast becomes the tool where you you can quickly go where you want. It's immediate. I mean, I could even probably do a shortcut where I want to go add task in tick tick now. Um um you see what I mean? It's the p you know t time is everything for someone like us.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: So um yeah, there you go. It tells you what the shortcuts are, but everything here is a shortcut.Hassaan Ahmad: Love it.Nicholas Clarkson: Um and it's just so basically command space traditionally is spotlight. So you override that and then you use raycast. Um you can get it synchronized across devices as well. So it's it's the same on all your machines. You know it's like if that saves you 20 minutes a day, what's that 20 minutes worth? And I like I'm investing all that tooling where it's like everything gets quicker. Everything.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: It's not just business process automations.  
00:15:21
 Nicholas Clarkson: It's me doing anything at the speed of light,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: at the speed of thought. like action done. Okay, next. How much can I get out of eight hours in a day? And if if I turn what was 8 hours into the equivalent of 12,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: more things are going to happen.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Nicholas Clarkson: SoHassaan Ahmad: Have you tried whisper flow dictating to well basicallyNicholas Clarkson: getHassaan Ahmad: talking and it types itNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, but you don't even need that. Claude does that.Hassaan Ahmad: this is going to be the next unlock for you. So anywhere you type, whisper whisper flow lives uh as a layer on top on your phone and on your computer. So you literally just press a key and just speak to it.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The thing with it is is that it gets context. So sometimes I go in and I'd be like, "Hey, draft an email to Nick. tell him I can meet at 3:00 p.m.  
00:16:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: No, actually I can't do that. Um 12's looking better. Like this is what I would dictate. It would draft an email says, "Hey, Nick, I can meet at 12." But it does that across every single app. And with Claude, when you're going through all of that stuff and when you're checking raycast, so the thing that you were talking about, so I've got an invoice, move it to this, mark it as that, etc., etc. If you're typing it, that takes a while. So your workflow then becomes you whisper flow it to your open claw and open claw just does that. This is how you unlock real action at speed of thought. I started using it and I was very very skeptical at the start but now I feel handicapped if I'm not talking to my computer and if I have to typeNicholas Clarkson: But how is that different to pulling up Claude?Hassaan Ahmad: it.Nicholas Clarkson: Cuz I did one yesterday. I wrote some notes down from a meeting. Press record and I was like, I just had a meeting with Michael Becky at Equifax.  
00:17:40
 Nicholas Clarkson: He's going to intro me to intro adventures. D like send him a deck followup. And it captured the notes perfectly.Hassaan Ahmad: That's just includeNicholas Clarkson: And yeah, so you're saying this is this.Hassaan Ahmad: correct this.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. So it livesHassaan Ahmad: So anywhere there's a text box,Nicholas Clarkson: across,Hassaan Ahmad: whisper flow will type in it.Nicholas Clarkson: right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So your notion,Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: your email, your whatever whisper flow will do that.Nicholas Clarkson: FL.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. I say it.Hassaan Ahmad: it'sNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. this. Yeah. Yeah. Because that's the next step, isn't it? It's like it's not just there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: It's anywhere. Anywhere,Hassaan Ahmad: correct.Nicholas Clarkson: anytime, on anything. Um.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Nicholas Clarkson: Oh, yeah. Okay. I'll have aHassaan Ahmad: Give it give it a shot. Given that you're automating so much,  
00:18:31
 Nicholas Clarkson: look.Hassaan Ahmad: I think this would be the next unlock forNicholas Clarkson: Love it.Hassaan Ahmad: you.Nicholas Clarkson: I've written a note of that. Yeah. I mean it's just all about maximum output right you know part of the frustration is you know orHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: anxieties is is with your the speed at which you can do a given task right you know they'll come to you but you just want to be able to go you know and this is this is where AI enables folks like us like you know what you want toHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, man. I think this is this is going to be really good. I'm gonna try Open Claw again because what you're describing sounds incredible. I just didn't give it enough time and I was trying to uh set it up to do trading for me.Nicholas Clarkson: O the open claw.Hassaan Ahmad: Open CL.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Well,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I so I didn't I didn't set it up in the end because there's apparently it crashes a lot and um some people have  
00:19:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: had the data exposed online. I I've just followed your lead.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: I went I've actually gone for the full max plan. I don't know if I need it, but the 150 a month claude with co-work and projects.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um but I'm because you know the uh co-work is lo localizedHassaan Ahmad: Yes.Nicholas Clarkson: machine so you need to think about that because like this machine is doing my fusible related stuff and and it's not available on the other machine right and then you might have a I could see a scenario where I've got my you know a desktop a desktop Mac in front of me which is my home work static machine. I've got a desktop on my left which is my my whatever clawed coworker doing stuff and I've got a personal one which is and and they have their own co-work doing things in individually.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, but what you can also possibly do is get one of the I if it's like the VPS or whatever, but where you can say you're on holiday, you can you can virtually connect to that machine.  
00:20:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: You go, okay, I've had an idea. I want to set up a process or run a workflow. I don't want to I can't carry I can't carry a 24in iMac on holiday.Hassaan Ahmad: True.Nicholas Clarkson: Like what I can do is port into it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: This is the way.Hassaan Ahmad: I have a feeling you're very soon gonna bet you're going to drop two grand on a MacBook Pro because that's what I did. Um, I just got sick of having two computers where I just couldn'tNicholas Clarkson: No, I've got one. So, this this is this is a Mac Pro.Hassaan Ahmad: likeNicholas Clarkson: I've got an iMac. I'm thinking I'm going to need three iMacs and my MacBook Pro. That's where I think it's going.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh man, thisNicholas Clarkson: Well, because it's BPU and it's just like,Hassaan Ahmad: isNicholas Clarkson: you know, you might be on a call, right, and somebody's talking, you're still listening, you go, right, just, you know, and it's some stuff work is happening and you've just got a moment and you want access  
00:21:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: to that. And it might be check just I'm going on holiday. Check just keep set up a flight log and see when the prices change or like whatever it is. I don't know your and that's you don't want to put that on your work machine. So, it's like personal work, work, work maintenance, and then my I think it's four machines.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: I think that's what it the four it's a four machine setup. It's core work when you're at your desk.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: It's your side worker doing whatever integrations, workflows, and stuff. It's your personal s***, and it's your when you're moving around.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: f****** exciting times.Hassaan Ahmad: very soon we're going to be dropping so much money. We're going to be dropping more money than we make in a month on just tech because just gets so excited.Nicholas Clarkson: Where did you get to on? So, I was curious about what you did with cursor. Um, you know, what you showed me the other day look really nice.  
00:22:42
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um, I didn't know like, you know, cuz you're not a developer. I'm not a developer, right? We know what we want. Um but that's obviously you know you go into the world of like when you call it hosting but then maintenance right you know like the thing I could spin up a a version of fusible website right with a blog that's custom built right but then I have to edit it and then you got a codebase and you know there's aHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, what's the question?Nicholas Clarkson: what you know how how you found it personally you know how is it different to um what do you call it? Uh ClaudeHassaan Ahmad: Uh so it is an extension.Nicholas Clarkson: code.Hassaan Ahmad: So think of clot code as your doer or your process machine and the assessment was the output. Cursor is so I used cursor because cursor gives you access to more uh more than just clot. So claude is it just uses the clot model, right? But you can use grock in cursor.  
00:23:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: So you could use some of the other ones as well. Yeah, I'm set up or the reason why I use cursor is because I've got some workflows where I use grock.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, Grock is really good at research live research which curs which I can automate through claude uh which I can automate through cursor butNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: claude doesn't have that atm right it's not rock that's why I use cursor but I think you can do the same with claude code or cloud co-work if you wanted to definitely cla you can um if you accept that you will just be on the model but that's not the bad thing because Um, the model Opus 4.6 is one of the best out thereNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I think where because I was reading about this yesterday and I think where curse is usedHassaan Ahmad: anywhere.Nicholas Clarkson: for so it can use claude, right? But and like you say it uses all the LLMs but it you have that kind of the visual interface right so it's doing the work apparently there's one where it it's like I can't it's a new feature where it's like you can set it to go coding for 10 hours straight and then it will send you product demo videos and all the rest of it.  
00:25:01
 Nicholas Clarkson: It will send them to you once it's finished its work. But then when there's, you know, it's built something that's not quite right, you can click the interface and it'll take you to the code and then you can with natural language with it to make adjustments. Whereas I think in Claude, it just spits out and then you know where you got to prompt your way through it and you're like what's that even called? I don't know. And then it changes. I found that in lovable it it it changes the wrong thing where be a bit more granular in cursor I think.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: And that, you know, that's one of the real frustrations. It's like the first output is like 60% good, right? And but to get to 100% you get rage bait because it's just like, holy s***, it's just not finishing the bits. And maybe that's where cursor shines.Hassaan Ahmad: That's exactly where cursor shines. So the good thing about cursor then isNicholas Clarkson: Can you show me?  
00:25:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: um yeah giveNicholas Clarkson: I' I'd love to see what it looks like onHassaan Ahmad: me one of my settings share my screen. So this is basically what you get to when you come to cursor.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: You have to connect it to a GitHub repo. You do that,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? So these are all my repos and you can see I've got one that generates LinkedIn authority for example. So you go in it and you have everything that so these are your outputs over here. You have your agents. But then actually this is not the best.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Let me show you. What can I show you? Probably not this one. Let me open another one. So you could literally just come in and you have your So this is your HTML. Yeah. What you can do is you have your browser and then youNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: can open this. How do I do that?  
00:27:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: Structure agent. Yeah, that's how I always do it. Praise God. I need to pay for this. So basically um you have the browser over here, you have the code over here and what it allows you to do is once you're in the browser you can actually select and you can say okay change this,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: change that and so experiencing man I need to pay for it not the best for aNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: demo but you get what I'm saying right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So your entire repo over here you can see which file you want to go to spin it up spin up a live version over here once you are in the live version you can then say okay I needNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: so you select it specifically you're like this is what I need you to change and this is the exact change I need you to make and then it just goes ahead and it does it um the thing with kurs though is so when I was doing it I was on the max plan for this as well and that was another 100. Um I think with claude you can do a lot if you want to.  
00:28:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um but cursor just gives you more models so you canNicholas Clarkson: So if curs you were let's say you built a web page with multiple pages in the browserHassaan Ahmad: see.Nicholas Clarkson: you can click on the page and then it loads the code for that page and go okay this whateverHassaan Ahmad: No. So in browser the flow will be exactly as it would be as if you were in a browser. But if you wanted to go into the code behind it, you can just go into the code. So itNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, but how do you know if you you you sort of want to for us you follow the visual cue,Hassaan Ahmad: wouldNicholas Clarkson: right? So you're you're looking on the browser going, "Okay, I'm on FAQ's page. Add another FAQ. Select and and and the visual cue then takes you pulls up theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: code." Is that right? Is that how it work?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So that's exactly what it is. So you it so wherever.  
00:29:45
 Nicholas Clarkson: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: So you see I've selected this one. It's not working because well I need to pay for it. But literally so you select this one you click literally click on a component and you say okay this is what INicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: need you to change. And then when you click on it it updates where you are what you're doing and so forth.Nicholas Clarkson: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: Try it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. I think I will. I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: OhNicholas Clarkson: I don't have much time, but that for me is the critical piece. It's like it's the final stretch when you want to get something finished.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I think you just get frustrated in Clawude because although they have something called artifacts and if you've seen that,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: you can chuck something into an artifact and it will show you what it looksHassaan Ahmad: exactly. But it's still an output,Nicholas Clarkson: like.Hassaan Ahmad: right? The artifact is an output.  
00:30:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: And then if you want to change it, you again have to prompt your way through it. So yeah, that is that is the difference. So clot is a it's a model with a UI. Cursor what they call an IDE. So it's your development environment. Um you could use the same.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So anti-gravity is another one that I used.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. I've heard of that. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um they're all pretty much the same. Depends on your use case really.Nicholas Clarkson: That's part of the problem, right? you see some new shiny tool and it's like a shiny tool thatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: syndrome you end up you you end up just I don't know gettingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: distracted.Hassaan Ahmad: That's that's what it is, man. But I think now I've consolid I've realized what I need, what makes me go faster and what doesn't.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So Claude definitely makes me go faster.  
00:31:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: I'm not doing as much development as I was and whatever I need to do now I've realized I could do through plot as well. So I use cursor specifically for the one use case that I talk about and I'm trying to move away from it as well which is why I cancelled. I'm seeing how much the pain is going to be. If the pain is too much I resubscribe. If I don't miss it then I don't miss it. That's just is what it is.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean what you that that questionnaire style thing you made was um looks really reallyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: nice.Hassaan Ahmad: that's basically what I'm moving to. So, I know we need to talk about the business and stuff anyway. So,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: that's so more and more of my clients who I'm moving to now is building that authority that authority layer. So I've realized that when you run ads alone,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: one that's expensive, two, it's slow, and three, it's sporadic because ads are just capturing demand.  
00:32:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What works better and it's certainly working so well for me and some of the other clients is when you start creating the awareness layer on top. So your first step is always the awareness which we've now started doing with you through the thought leadership and that stuff compounds over time. So the more you put out there the better it starts performing. What that does is it starts bringing people one into your way of thinking and two to wherever to your website or wherever. Some of that turns into some of that converts anyway depending on how good your landing page and stuff is.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: What doesn't convert you can target them later. So you're not targeting and going after the cold out audience there. You're going after the warmer audience. So that's the thought leadership piece. But where this stuff then fits in is building the authority. So you're going out there and you know somebody's coming up with or you know if somebody's scrolling they're seeing probably three, four, 10 ads, five boosted posts and so forth.  
00:33:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: But the way you stand out is when you've got some artifacts behind it, you know, which are, you know, assessments, questionnaires, stuff like that, which are now really easy for us to spin up becauseNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I've just like fusible when I work with a client, I develop really in-depth context about them, right? So what space they play in,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: what problem they're solving, etc., etc. Some of that comes naturally. the other you know is part of the knowledge transfer that we go through but then because I understand the buying psychology I'm and the current affairs so the next thing that I'm working on for my login for example is identity for agents so the identity layer for agents right so it's very contextual very timely stuff that we can spin out in two hours that isNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: production quality that you can then put some budget behind it and that then starts establishing you as the player in that market and where we've done it just works really reallyNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: well.  
00:34:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um did I show you my results last time? So what I was getting for remite we've gotten to a point where I was literally talking to the team yesterday and saying should we just switch off conversion ads because my posts are now bringing in two maybe three leads a day because the entire system works with my login where we started with the sovereignity assessment and so forth he's getting two a week but it's like CESOs of Nordic enterprises Yeah, because that's who we were targeting. But they so they we targeted them first with um conversion ads, burnt through a thousand, didn't do anything. So that didn't generate anything. But with this assessment, they're coming in because it's something they can do in five minutes. they get some value andNicholas Clarkson: So where does the assessment sit then?Hassaan Ahmad: umNicholas Clarkson: How does it how does how does the assessment get to that person?Hassaan Ahmad: so the assessment gets to that person through what am I showing you the delivery mechanism is the website so you've got this hosted on a domain this is your assessment literally you could go in and you could  
00:36:12
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: run this assessment yourself right solutions from.com. I purposely when I did it, I didn't get it. So that was the one thing that I wanted to do. Let me click through a few screens to show you what the endpoint looks like. Whatever I not done. Okay, continue view results. So, anybody can come in and when they go through this assessment, they get to this screen. Now, up till this point,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we've done nothing but deliver real insight to them and help them understand their business better. So we're telling them that you've got a critical risk and we're telling them where that risk lives, what is their risk profile,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: telling them what this means. So if you are a CIO or a CTO, this was my thinking. If you can do that in five minutes and get to this, you automatically like me. You know, you like my login because I've added more value to you than the 10 meetings you're going to have today, right?  
00:37:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: And then you have the option to book a sovereignity review if you wanted to. The person who goes through this and clicks on this button is they're going to convert. That's the thought. So if you're getting one of these a week through this, that's amazing.Nicholas Clarkson: But how do they I mean I love it but theyHassaan Ahmad: So how does it get to that person is through the thought leadership piece. So the kind of posts that you're doing right now, we wrote a similar kind of thing for him. But all of that either points directly towards this assessment or nudges towards a gap for which this assessment is the obvious answer or the next logical step. So it would be something like hey US cloud act gives the USNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: government right to subpoena your records. This could have xyz issues.Nicholas Clarkson: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you know if you're exposed? If not, take this assessment. Takes three minutes and you'll get an answer. So, it's something like that.  
00:38:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: Thought leadership is the vehicle. This is the payload you can say. And the result of that is really, really, really high quality stuff that comes through theNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: funnel.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. And how did how did they host that? Cuz they wasn't his built on HubSpot.Hassaan Ahmad: Nope. We do it.Nicholas Clarkson: So you've rebuilt the wholeHassaan Ahmad: No,Nicholas Clarkson: website.Hassaan Ahmad: just this one. So, literally we So, they've given us this subdomainNicholas Clarkson: Oh, okay. Got you.Hassaan Ahmad: andNicholas Clarkson: So, otherwise it looks the same. So, it's not the same website, but it looks like the same.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: And if you click my one login, it takes you back to theirs. Yeah. Okay. Got you.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, that's how we've um this allows us to move really fast.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We can test different angles. We can play around with the messaging. That has been a friction point with you for the longest time because um when we host it, we can just move fast.  
00:39:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: You can see that this is being hosted on Versel. This is the Versell logo. We just use obviously we make sure that there are no risks.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So we do our entire QA and so forth, but it's not really pointing to anything that could lead to your systems or anything. And because it's so valuedrivenNicholas Clarkson: What when the assessment comes through, what does that get posted into?Hassaan Ahmad: into the Slack.Nicholas Clarkson: Does it go into the CRM as well?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So if you click in this button, type your email, uh company,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: etc., we can set up the automation that sends it to Slack to your CRM and so forth. um the person rod can get a message says call this person right f****** now because he's just done this assessment. You've got the data capture behind it as well. So you know what their score was, what answers they've given. So when Roy gives the person a call, they have full context of what exactly that person's gap is.  
00:40:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: In three minutes, five minutes you can qualifyNicholas Clarkson: I mean, that's that's brilliant. I mean, you could when you get to that last screen where you've got the score above,Hassaan Ahmad: them.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, there's an opportunity there where it's maybe blurred and you say, you know, see it and they put their email. So, even if they don't then book the assessment, you've got their email, right? And they, you know, they've got the they've seen it. But this looks, it looks f****** lovely. Really, really nice. And I mean, I you know, this is like the thing about fusible, right? It's like, you know, what function do you work in? Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: let's look at it through your functional lens. What systems do you have? How many companies do you still working in spreadsheets?Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Nicholas Clarkson: Do you find legal do this? you know, and then it's like, are your teams whatever, you know, and you quickly could get to an assessment like that and it's like, okay, our score  
00:41:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Exactly right. And it can take different so we can take differentNicholas Clarkson: isHassaan Ahmad: routes and we can frame the question in a way in which the answer is almost always feasible. So it could be how siloed are you number one you know if that's topical or some of the posts that you're doingNicholas Clarkson: to take the governance stress test,Hassaan Ahmad: right and and that stuffNicholas Clarkson: right?Hassaan Ahmad: I can productionize really really quickly like really quickly um in a way that is coherent with the messaging um so your thought leader posts are saying the same thing they're pointing towards the same thing and it just ladders that awareness. If somebody sees your post, they nod their head and they're like, "Okay, I can relate to that." So, for example, one of your posts is two second test for someone or two minute test for a treasurer right now.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Imagine if that had a way for the treasurer to actually take the next step. So, you have the post, then the treasure can click in. Instead of you asking them to do something, you have something built.  
00:42:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Don't know what form that couldNicholas Clarkson: Well, another thing is you can then, you know, with that subdomain, you know, you do a thought leadership post and then say, you know, take the the free governance stress test here,Hassaan Ahmad: take.Nicholas Clarkson: right? And then you post it cuz where I could see us, you know, carrying on. It's like we don't have to overdo it on on ad spend for now because it's not yielding a huge amount. You know, we do a post and then you know Roland does the discipline of posting it into groups like that should be enough like and then ads ad spend will come when the budgetHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Look.Nicholas Clarkson: increasesHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I mean,Nicholas Clarkson: butHassaan Ahmad: we definitely if we do it this way, we can definitely bring the ad spend down. We should bring it down. But I wouldn't just kill it because the real power of this comes from boosting it in your post. Right now, if you if you open up your LinkedIn, you would probably be getting 100, 200, a thousand impressions.  
00:43:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: Let me show you something.Nicholas Clarkson: I don't know. I mean, I did I got a report yesterday that said 8,000 impressions last week, but I don't know if that's from boosting orHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that stink.Nicholas Clarkson: groups.Hassaan Ahmad: But let me show you something. So, you got 8 8,000 impressions. I got these 229 and this is just past seven days.Nicholas Clarkson: Wow.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, but that's not the magic of it. The magic of it is let me show you my inbox. This guy sent me a connection request cold. I accepted it. Read this message. This is where this starts becoming really powerful because people associate you with authority. You make it easy for them to get in touch with you or selfidentify if they've got a problem. This starts coming in. I get two or three of these a day because I've had thatNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: one. The reach is there. I've reached 72,000 people in last seven days. That's who has seen my message.  
00:45:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: And I have spent I'm spending 20 to $25 a dayNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: on this. So even if it's 25 into 7, this is what I spent behind it. So $175 got me that. Obviously, I've orchestrated this machine in a way that works really, really well, and that's trying to get to with you. Now, this happened after a month and a half of us doing it. Yeah, month and a half of consistent posting, consistent boosting. So, all in this is about a,000 maybe,500 in spend. But that's what I want to get you to. And I think this this is the mechanism for us to get usNicholas Clarkson: aware.Hassaan Ahmad: there.Nicholas Clarkson: We're miles from that sort of those sorts of numbers, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. But look part yeah so part of that is also becauseNicholas Clarkson: That's the question. How do we getHassaan Ahmad: my offer any founder can relate with it what I do literally any founder can relate with I've got a sales problem thing yours is more specific so you probably wouldn't see that kind of numbers but you don't see 200,000 impressions to get leads in your inbox you need 10,000 impressions with the right people who that message resonates with to start with that.  
00:46:43
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I mean I see the direction. All right. So I mean Yeah, we don't have a huge budget right now. I wanted to talk to you about because um I need to have a chat my brother-in-law into the CEO of family business which is big refractories business and I think I need to get himHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: warmed up to a conversation and I don't know what the exact angle would be. You know, you would need to work that out. First things first, um, just IHassaan Ahmad: We've got $200 in ad $2,400 about $1,800 in ad budget thatNicholas Clarkson: thinkHassaan Ahmad: we had already earmarked for you. So that money is already in the bank. We could still use it for the next month. You could pause the ad budget. You could not give me the ad budget for the next month and I think we're going to be okay.Nicholas Clarkson: All right, let's do that. Yeah, let's take it month by month. You know, I'm there's one thing I am doing now.  
00:47:50
 Nicholas Clarkson: I've you know, it's it's funny. Our sales our sales issue is is there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I've got um new guy Raphael who's coming in really, really good. And he's he's actually a sales guy that knows how to code. He's really high IQ guy, which is exactly what I want. He might not be the biggest introvert, but he's he's a scientist. I love that. So, he's coming on board.Hassaan Ahmad: Where'sNicholas Clarkson: I've just done Monday. So, but Barack is stepping aside, but he's going to help with capital raising and whatnot. So, I a true enterprise sellers coming in.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: So, we'll have another expert with more time and then he'll go full-time. Anyway, I did, you know, this K1 discussion that that was obviously great news. I shared uh some intel with a few shareholders and I said right our previous funding round is is not closed technically. We're going to do a little bridge round. Um you know here's the here's the download and what's going on.  
00:48:52
 Nicholas Clarkson: And so far I've had loads of takers basically like we we said it would be 250k. I think we can hit that maybe even today. like people's like I'll do 50 I'll do 25 right and I have I absolutely now know now how we unlock there's a lesson from what we're doing with claude right this is that domain knowledge within the application right so you have a treasury legal agent whatever and and this is one thing those agents knowing stuff right but they'll know stuff in the context of the data we hold so we become a true AI business I I know what we're building and I'm going to that's going to be the part of our story. So anyway, the investors are really supportive. We're going to get some initial budget coming through next month and then we're going to do a big raise which is big money plus we've got the new guy coming in. So I I'm very positive about you know our workflows are speeding up. I think this pathway we're talking about is very exciting and I do think it it will  
00:49:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: work. So, you know, things would things will quickly change and I want us to stay I did what you know I always wanted us to stay engaged. I love talking to you. I you know I like to think there's a mutual exchange on some things as well. you know like our tooling is is and you know it's like ah cool I'm gonna get on toHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: whisper flies like oh redcast cool I'm whatever it is like atio you know we we converge on the same tooling and thought processHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Look, I think it's it's one of the most I don't know what theNicholas Clarkson: umHassaan Ahmad: word is, but it feels like I'm talking to another version of me when I'm talking to you.Nicholas Clarkson: I'mHassaan Ahmad: like you know we're so in a lot of ways.Nicholas Clarkson: here.Hassaan Ahmad: So definitely want to want to continue this and want to keep this onNicholas Clarkson: Oh, w we your number one firstHassaan Ahmad: and you weren't my number one  
00:50:48
 Nicholas Clarkson: client.Hassaan Ahmad: cl my first client. You were client number three.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh you're definitely one of my longest. So the first one I landed was actually on my birthday last year. um which is when I started officially started the company. But yeah, um you were well you're one of my best clients, right? That's that's what I would say. So theNicholas Clarkson: you've ch I mean even I've seen the evolution of what you do in that time frame.Hassaan Ahmad: wayNicholas Clarkson: I It all started with your thought process. I was like I I I know this guy like he's thinking exactly the right way. He's solving a real problem and you've been well you've now quit your job and gone full-time and you've toled up right is working.Hassaan Ahmad: Definitely. I think I I definitely think I'm on to something. And you know, the kind of responses I've I've shown you,Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: they tell me that the need is real. I find that the market's been burned by a lot of people in the past, you know, haven't really delivered results.  
00:51:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: And so, so I'm very conscious of that. Um, so feel that imposttor syndrome, you know, sometimes. But hey,Nicholas Clarkson: well, the amount I I get hit up all the time with with with these kind of services, right? But the the reason it works with you is that people read what you say and they go, "f****** hell, s***. That's exactly my problem." And there's there's almost no ask in return. And then they then it's more inbound because they're going, "s***, these people are talking sense in a sea of, you know, snake oil salesmen, you know." Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And that's Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: and that'sHassaan Ahmad: that's that's always been my thing, right? Like I don't You might have noticed I never pitch to you. Like I should and could be trying to upsell you on literally everything, but I don't because you'll come to me when you're ready, you know, if you're ready.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If you think that's So, so that's that's my thing.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And I feel that people respect it now because everybody's getting pitched to all the time.  
00:52:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: So if you're just putting your stuff out there, you're sounding genuine, you're sounding authoritative and knowledgeable about that.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that that moves the needle. So look,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um I've got another meeting in seven minutes. So I want to kind of round out the discussion.Nicholas Clarkson: AllHassaan Ahmad: You don't have to give us the ad spend for the next month.Nicholas Clarkson: right.Hassaan Ahmad: So that is a two grand saving straight away for you, right? The one grand I would obviously take um because I need it.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: What we can do is when Raphael is on the seat and he's ramped up,Nicholas Clarkson: Can we keep that that that Well,Hassaan Ahmad: we Yes,Nicholas Clarkson: you said it's 2,400. So we reserve a little and yeah this.Hassaan Ahmad: we'll reserve it just for the thought leadership, nothing else. Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that should last us the month. If not,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll tell you.  
00:53:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: when Raphael is on the seat and he's ramped up, so he understands the solution or even before that,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: we could start doing thought leadership for him as well. Yeah. So right now the flow is we do it for you and then fully pushes it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We could do it for you and we could do it for him. We'd probably reduce the cadence down from 5 days to three um three for you, three for him so that it works. That gives you two channels of just pushing out content out there. Yeah. the um and when you know when you have the budget when you've done the raise and stuff then let's talk about usNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: doing some sort of you know assessment questionnaires etc. Um, the cadence I've set up is about twice a month. I think that's probably too much. Maybe once a month is better to give.Nicholas Clarkson: can't I I want to do that assessment now like if we grab an hour and  
00:54:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: it's like okay what does it what's the you know Gemini records it and it's like right what's the bones of it or or Nick just brain dumps gives it to you and then we fill in the gaps on the next call. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I think that's huge because people will visit the website, but you know, you've gamified it, right? Like this is cool. Okay, click click click click. What's my score? You know, everybody likes that. It's like an IQ test. Um, so I would I'd go straight straight onto that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, good.Nicholas Clarkson: And I think also some of the, you know, the topics were they got less interesting in the second week. There's loads we can talk about. And I think if we just brain dump for an hour and recorded it, right, you we've taken away Gemini will go right here's 10 areas where we can speak on, right?Hassaan Ahmad: What I find, so I love that idea.Nicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: Um, what's better than you and me talking is you giving me access to your transcripts with your customers.  
00:55:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: We talked about that last week as well. When you have a discovery call, specifically I'm interested in discovery calls that turn into opportunities, shoot that transcript over, right? Or dump it in a folder and send it to me. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: thatNicholas Clarkson: I can ask I can ask Roelly too, but I mean I know I'm sort of building something that I know they need for sure and you know that the governance stress test is in aggregate level which I I I know how to anyway we need to wrap it up but I think if we could get an hour orHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: so next week to um to put some bone bonesHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: on one of those two things you know one is what we're going to post about second is okay and if you said Nick take some home homework away and just talk for half an hour into gaud saying right this is how grub and stress test will work send it and then we'll fill in the gaps with Gemini consolidate that and then that's you know what you spin that up into something with a subdomainHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um, Thursday could work. Does that work for you?Nicholas Clarkson: UhHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, let's do 12 12 to 1.Nicholas Clarkson: I've got a bit at school. Can you do early?  
Transcription ended after 00:57:30

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
