---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Vasil Vlasov – 2026/04/09 15:59 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-04-09T16:14:29.687Z
meeting_date: 2026-04-09T15:46:34.884Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Vasil Vlasov - Transcript
00:00:00
 Vasil Vlasov: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Brazil, how are you?Vasil Vlasov: Hi, Hassan. Yeah, I'm good. Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well,Vasil Vlasov: Yourself?Hassaan Ahmad: thank you. Let me put on my earpods.Vasil Vlasov: Yeah. One sec. See?Hassaan Ahmad: Perfect. Thank you so much for making the time. Really appreciate it.Vasil Vlasov: Yeah, ofHassaan Ahmad: I'm always curious whenever I have this call with anyone,Vasil Vlasov: course.Hassaan Ahmad: what prompted you to uh to take the call and uh what can I do forVasil Vlasov: Yeah. So,Hassaan Ahmad: you?Vasil Vlasov: a little bit of a background for Incept. I would assume you've already researched a little bit about Incept. So, Incept is a ERP consultancy. We are a Microsoft partner and we are specializing in a particular ERP which is Microsoft Dynamics Business Central.Hassaan Ahmad: Uhhuh.Vasil Vlasov: So this is um this is an ERP system which is targeting well just take a step back. Are we familiar with what ERP is?  
00:01:16
 Vasil Vlasov: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: that's that's a good step because not everyone understands what ERPHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, soil before you actually give me that context,Vasil Vlasov: is. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: it would be helpful if I just give you some context and background on me. I think that's going to be very helpful. So I was really excited to have this call because I spent the last three years before joining Remote here um with Annoplan which is um a decision support provider works very well withVasil Vlasov: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Microsoft Dynamics ERP as one of the source systems. One of the things that I did o over the past over those three years was work very closely with systems integrators. Yeah. So I was working with the big four. I was working with boutique firms, niche firms and so forth. So very very well familiar with how you guys go to market. Um I was co- pitching with you guys as well. So more often than not you know people would want quotes from three different integrators in order to get stuff  
00:02:08
 Vasil Vlasov: It'sHassaan Ahmad: done.Vasil Vlasov: done.Hassaan Ahmad: Um so familiar with that motion as well in terms of you know how to kind of position that how to how to make a proposal which is all conceptual because well you're going for an implementation proposal you know it's it's conceptual right? how do you make it stand apart from the others and so forth. So that's been my background. Yeah. Before that I did three and a half years at Moody, six and a half at SNP. So come from a data advisory uh but 100% enterprise background. So it would be very helpful for me to just you know tell me about incept and what makesVasil Vlasov: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: incept unique and different and how you're finding your current JTM today. As far as the background knowledge is concerned I think I have a better baseline than somebody who might be coming into this completely cool. I hope that helps.Vasil Vlasov: That's good. Yeah. How do you spell is it remote? Remoteier  
00:03:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah it's remote here. Well remote and then IR.Vasil Vlasov: remoter.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So remote here.Vasil Vlasov: Remote here. And and that's you have founded remote here or you have joinedHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. That's UK founded.Vasil Vlasov: remoteier.Hassaan Ahmad: So I full disclosure I started it when I was in when I was employed by Anaplan. I just decided to do something of my own and wanting to wanted to fixVasil Vlasov: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: a very specific gap that I came across more and more times across my journey of you know advising companies helping friends who were starting new companies and so forth and that specific challenge was people are really really smart or at least I've been very privileged to know some very smart people who have got brilliant ideas who can go out and raise insane amount of funds. Like there's this one guy who just who made a phone call and raised 250 pounds 250,000 pounds because he needed a bridge. But the biggest challenge that they have is how do we how do they take themselves to market the prior approaches that used to work so for example email phone call they have stopped working because everybody can now generate AI slot and the hardest challenge that most founders that I worked with came across was how do we get the right people in the right room so we can tell them our message so that they may actually work with Yeah, I did I spent the last like 15 years solving that specific challenge because as you know when you're  
00:04:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: selling to enterprises or when you're selling to when you're selling really complex solutions you need to be really high up in the organization because a program manager can't signVasil Vlasov: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: off on a partnership with you needs to come from a business owner.Vasil Vlasov: Exactly. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: It needs to CFO needs to sign off on that. You need to have a business case and so forth. So that takes a specific skill set which I had developed through my training which was missing in the market. I was like hey that's my opportunity and uh that's what I've been doing. So been doing that for I started in January last year did a full year in stealth came out of stealth start of this year we so far we've worked with I want to say like a dozen clients none of them in the ERP consulting/implementation space but I mean that's what I did for three years anyway right so that's you know my my experience at Anna plan kind of covers thatVasil Vlasov: Yeah, understand. Okay, sounds sounds good.  
00:05:44
 Vasil Vlasov: Um, yeah, on the on the on the insect side, our challenge that we are solving and why we have actually founded incept again fairly new company again my background is in ERP consultancy and also working for the end user as an internal resource implementing business central. I've actually started with with my placement straight out of university doingHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Vasil Vlasov: SAP. So I actually went into the ERP world with SAP and then by chance I've started with business central. This is a smaller smaller ERP that is typically led by one or two consultants ratherHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Vasil Vlasov: than a whole team of 25 consultants.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: So I've done this for the past what six seven years and working forHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Vasil Vlasov: for consultancy companies working for the end user being on the receiving end. The challenge is you either have technical people who are good with the system but they don't necessarily go the to the full extent of actually understanding your business solving this business because they typically work on three projects at the same  
00:06:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Vasil Vlasov: time and they can't dedicate the time. Right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: So from the consultancy company the more hours they're billing the better for them. But then the clients are the ones suffering. Then project managers on another hand they're managing the projects but they're not technically competent to understand when this is going over budget. So again they don't really have the full oversight of the project. So with incept it's myself being on the on the technical side and understanding the full end to end implementation cycle also working for the end user understanding what the customerHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Vasil Vlasov: wants commercially. What solution makes sense to them commercially? Not tech, not only technically. Yeah, we can do this for 10 days and it's only going to save you a day a year,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: for example. Like, it doesn't sense. But I've I've seen this in other consultancies.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Vasil Vlasov: And then on the other side, my business partner Rob Taylor is much more experienced than myself, but he's on the business side.  
00:08:05
 Vasil Vlasov: So he's coming from the operational background being a operational director sisuit non-exec in the board of directors of multiple companies being a ERP project sponsor and he's done this for a multinational rowouts etc. So he's very comfortable with a very large program and governing this program. So we're bridging the gap between the business understanding of what the ERP needs to do and the technical understanding of the ERP. That's why we founded in Sept and yeah delivering the project with a with a one person who is overseeing the whole implementation. Uh again in in the future our ambition is to grow. So we are going to grow the team and we're going to hire more consultants. But but this core message and and core delivery service and quality should should remain the same.Hassaan Ahmad: GoodVasil Vlasov: Um and and and again again our our skillHassaan Ahmad: stuff.Vasil Vlasov: set operational technical so what we are lacking on the sales side like how do we bring this solution to the market?Hassaan Ahmad: AllVasil Vlasov: Yeah we've got our network and we're reaching out to our network.  
00:09:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: right.Vasil Vlasov: So we have potential clients and projects from this side but actually how do we approach code clients code customers right soHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: that's why we've been looking for we had multiple conversations actually over the past couple of weeks with people coming out from large consultancies and wanting to join a more of a startupbased consultancy but again um I don't think it will necessarily work out.Hassaan Ahmad: Huh?Vasil Vlasov: We were looking for more of a commissionled person or company that can make an impact and deliver resultsHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Vasil Vlasov: rather than just a a stable salary that wouldn't convert anything for another twoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Vasil Vlasov: years.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, appreciate that. I've got a bunch of questions that I need to ask, but I want to address the commercial side of things first because you've said it.Vasil Vlasov: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Vasil Vlasov: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah.Vasil Vlasov: So I I want to understand a little bit more about the services that you're offering because I've seenHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Vasil Vlasov: like three packages.  
00:10:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: Maybe you're more flexible, but mainly the three packages.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Vasil Vlasov: What is it behind these three packages? What do you actually do?Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Vasil Vlasov: Take me through the journey.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: If you do work together,Hassaan Ahmad: Got it.Vasil Vlasov: what does this look like?Hassaan Ahmad: So help me understand your user journey. You came across like an ad, clicked through it, came to the website and booked the meeting from there. Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: like my user journey for remoter um I'm actually not sure itHassaan Ahmad: Yes. For us. Okay.Vasil Vlasov: was couple of weeks ago I think I came across your profile I came across a post that you haveHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Amazing.Vasil Vlasov: published which really resonated which really resonated and then it was um in parallel uh there was an ad running on LinkedInHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Okay. Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: Remote here and I think you were like promoting this post and then I kind of stacked  
00:11:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: up all these two together and I was like, "Oh, Hassan, I think he's the founder of Remote here.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Vasil Vlasov: Like I think it's worth having a chat withHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Okay. Amazing. So, look, that's the service I provide for that's one of the services that I provide for my clients asVasil Vlasov: him.Hassaan Ahmad: well. It is how do you get in front of the right people with the right pain at the right time for them to take an action which is have a conversation. Okay.Vasil Vlasov: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Now I know this sounds fluffy but because you've been through the journey yourself that is exactly what it looks like. There's number of ways in which we can structure that. Yeah. The mechanism can vary from person to person and situation to situation, product to product. So that's something that we we identify the first time we start working with you. So pretty much like you start any RP implementation project. You would you would have a project kickoff in which you would ident you would figure out you know what the scope is going to be, what the deliverables are going to be and so forth.  
00:12:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: So that's exactly how I approach this as well. So that's one of the service which is if you want to put a label to it, it's lead generation but it's lead generation at the very high. It's the highest level that you can expect. Yeah. So I only my calendar only has meetings with decision makers which in this case are chief executives, founders or co-founders. I don't have meetings below that and the same holds true for my clients as well. We always try to go for the budget holder not the technical users initially. The technical users can come in later but the first conversation needs to be someone who has the budget the authority and the need and the time is right for them. That's one end of the spectrum. The other end of the spectrum is where I personally embed into the organization myself as a seller. Yeah. It is backed by the entire machinery that I have behind me. So, we still do the lead generation, we still do the content creation, we still do everything that's needed to elevate trust for your brand in the market, but with the added benefit or the added capability of me actually taking the meetings myself with you guys because you are a technical guy, Rob is an operational guy, I go in as the seller, right?  
00:13:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: I know how to run the process, how to make the business case, how to how to pull some moves which get the outcome that we want which naturally don't come to you or hasn't been your skill set or Rob's skill set. Yeah, that that's the opposite end of the spectrum between that what sits is and this is the third layer between that is when I give you all the assets that put you in the right room with elevated trust and authority but you've got to do the closing yourself. So what does that look like? Just an idea it could be something like an assessment which is targeted towards um let's say achieve data officer or chief invest information officer. Typically, whoever is the EB of whatever you're doing, it would be CTO, CIO or CO, right? It's not going to be anyone else. So, if it's these guys, the assessment could be something along the lines of just, you know, um I'm shooting from the hip here. Could be something along the lines of what is the cost of a failed implementation?  
00:15:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: Find out in three steps. And then we take them through a very specific questionnaire that helps them put a cost toVasil Vlasov: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: the problem. So which says how long is the project? How many consultants do you have? What is the average rate? And you know now you have a cost of a problem. So you can see so that person can self quantify what does it cost them when the project that they have experiences scope creep or it's not scoped properly or it misses the business outcome or it accomplishes everything but the change management isn't there and then it fails. Yeah. So we could help them ed we could help educate them and the impact that it has is that they start trusting you more. They see you as more credible. They see you as someone who knows what they're talking about and they get naturally curious and the benefit that it has for you is you already know what it costs them to have that problem. So when you go into a conversation you can say hey you failed this questionnaire I know that or you know I suppose your failed your last failed thing has  
00:16:09
 Vasil Vlasov: basically basically warmer warmer leads, right?Hassaan Ahmad: exactly yeah so it's that now those are the three packagesVasil Vlasov: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I can do bespoke stuff as well but I find that most people that I speak with fall very neatly into these three categories either you need full service either you just need gen or you need a bit more handholding Where do you feel you guys sit and does this resonate with you?Vasil Vlasov: Yeah. Uh well, ideally we would like the the highest end, but it's it's quite it's quite steep. It's quite a commitment and then then it's also tied up with um with the project revenue percentage, right? Um so howHassaan Ahmad: So for the project based work, so so here's the thing. For the project based work,Vasil Vlasov: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: the rep share the 10% it wouldn't be 10%. Yeah. Simply because your projects are going to be, I don't know, 60, 70, 100kish mark, I'm not going to ask you for 10 grand. That's not fair, right? Because it's not recurring revenue for you.  
00:17:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: it's one time. So, we can that is a lever that we can look into. Yeah, I'm more than happy to kind of work on that. But the reason why the retainer is there and the fixed fees there is because as I mentioned, it's not just me who comes in. It's the entire GTM capability that you get when I come in. Because listen, I could take 2 grand, three grand a month from you and do nothing, which would be more likely than uh which would be the more likely outcome if I don't have a machinery creating pipeline for me. I'm worth more to you when the leads are coming in and I'm just going in and having those calls and being in those meetings with you and actually moving those things forward. Yeah. So you get that machinery plus you get somebody who's executing that and that is why it costs three grand. I've got people who pay energy. I've got my costs. I've got ways of doing that and so forth. Uh well look let's talk about the pricing once we have once we get to that bridge once we realize that that's something that you actually want and you know we are the right partners for each other.  
00:18:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: Make sense?Vasil Vlasov: Yeah. Yeah. I I think yeah pricing commercial terms like all the details we can discuss at a later stage like what what they need to understand from this call isHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: like take me through my journey as if if incept starts working with you what would it look like in the next two weeks in the next month in the next three months in the next six months what if we don't generate any interest like or or what are the what kind the guarantees like what are the channels that you're seeing the most effective like how would we on the top of your head how would you structure something like a campaign for for us what what what do you think tends to to work the most for ERP because again each industry is quite specific so do we need to expect to see anything in the first month in the first three months in the first six months that's that's pretty much what I'm trying to understand.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No, I Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: Of course, the  
00:19:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No, I appreciate that. Uh before I answer those questions,Vasil Vlasov: detailsHassaan Ahmad: I need to understand a few things from you today. I want to understand what's your base is right now. So, how are you getting your customers today? What do you you said something along the lines of your network. So is that the sole thing what kind of volume you're seeing? What's the conversion like and so forth? Help me understand that and then I can tell you what I can do on top if I were to come in. MakeVasil Vlasov: Yeah. In in terms of conversions,Hassaan Ahmad: sense?Vasil Vlasov: I think we're very far away from this. Like we haven't we haven't kind of spin the wheel on. So our strategy is the lowest hanging fruit. What is the lowest hanging fruit? Rob's network and my network. We already have two potential customers that we are speaking to because of our our contacts that we have aside of this because this is not sustainable like we need to build something  
00:20:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Vasil Vlasov: sustainably that is bringing link in bringing customers in. So we've got the website which is quite basic and again incept is fairly new. This is what 10 weeks old that's when we started.Hassaan Ahmad: Well,Vasil Vlasov: So as as professionals, we've got the experience, we've got the case studies,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Vasil Vlasov: as in Sep 365, we don't have any case studies that we can show yet. So that's why so what we're planning to do is on theHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Vasil Vlasov: website, we need to start bringing testimonials, case studies,Hassaan Ahmad: Uhhuh.Vasil Vlasov: blogs, some something that shows credibility, right? And then the on the other channel that we're focusing on is LinkedIn um which we we're publishing couple of posts.Hassaan Ahmad: Hello.Vasil Vlasov: So we're targeting customer pain points, we're showing some business central tips, some operational tips from our experience.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Vasil Vlasov: Um however, LinkedIn there's a lot of activity.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Vasil Vlasov: I don't I don't I'm a little bit skeptical about conversion. That's why I'm saying like what what do you think we like what is the journey we need to go through for you to understand what the strategy is going to be?  
00:21:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: FairVasil Vlasov: Like do you have anything up your sleeve of oh I've already worked with system integrators in the EuropeanHassaan Ahmad: enough.Vasil Vlasov: industry. Yeah, LinkedIn it's a waste of time. You need to focus on this for for example like that's what I'm saying.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: You already have the experience.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: What would it look like?Hassaan Ahmad: Um, how many prospective customers did you say you were? So, two did you say?Vasil Vlasov: We've got two. Yeah, we've got two that we're in talks with.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. And what's the revenue per customer?Vasil Vlasov: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Are you I know that it's what's an average engagement for you guys.Vasil Vlasov: Again, it will be depending like on the complexity of the project, but it can range anything from 30 40K to 100K.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. 30 40 to 100. I'm guessing that's going to be what?Vasil Vlasov: 100. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: A three month projectish. Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: 100K maybe a bit like put it six months.  
00:22:38
 Vasil Vlasov: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Vasil Vlasov: The the 30k one will be three months. Two three months.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Vasil Vlasov: We can't run anything less than twoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. So, look,Vasil Vlasov: months.Hassaan Ahmad: um, you've asked me a bunch of questions. Part of half of those questions require me just doing my entire strategy session with you. So I'm going to park them for now. But what I've seen work really well with the apps is to you there's two really two channels that you can activate. The first one is through your partners. Yeah. Where your KPMGs and your BCGs and so forth. They take the project but then they sublet it to you. Yeah. They get to keep the consulting revenue. You get to keep the implementation revenue. That's the path of least resistance. If you've got that relationship already, sorry, if you don't have that relationship, that's something that you've got to build. Yeah, that's going to be a longerterm thing.  
00:23:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: And but it needs to be started now simply because well, if they win the project, you could be next in line to get that. Yeah, that's number one. Number two is um you can and should go directly to customers but as you've quietly as as you've rightly pointed out your biggest gap right now is the trust and credibility factor. So when people do business with you they're not doing business with incept they're doing business with and Rob Taylor. Yeah that's that's who that's the reality of it. Um now is that a good thing or a bad thing?Vasil Vlasov: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: They don't know your unknown quantities. So, you've got to go from unknown quantities to known quantities to the people who could have a need for the project that you're doing. And the way you accomplish that is through LinkedIn actually um because a lot of your buyers are going to be there. Yeah, there's multiple things that you could try, right? You could send them email, you could send them um you could be visible on LinkedIn, you could hit them with advertising on Google, you could stop by their companies and so forth.  
00:24:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: There's pros and cons of all, right? But the problem that you're fixing that you need to fix straight away is when somebody sees the name Vasil. Um do they have a question mark in their head or as you said in your mind when you see when you saw my ad you were like oh I've seen Assan's post I need to speak with this guy. That's what that's the exact funnel you've got to engineering for yourself. Yeah, I don't think you need me doing the closing for you at this point. I'm just going to be honest. If you wanted me to, that's another thing.Vasil Vlasov: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't think you need me to because your ch your challenge right now is not closing. Your challenge is just not having anything. So, if I were to do this with you, I would do that in phases where I would first figure out the pipeline problem. Once you start having three, four, five, six meetings a month with the right people who have the need and the authority at the right time and you can't close them, that's when we are ready for the next conversation.  
00:25:57
 Hassaan Ahmad: But if you go into these conversations and you find that you're closing one,Vasil Vlasov: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: two, or you're progressing, you are able to progress one in every three, which is the industry standard, that's a great outcome. Yeah, that's you would have solved that problem for yourself. That's the kind of volume that you can handle comfortably and that gives you the predictability to then go and see if you want to bring in another person um or how you want to structure that. Yeah. Now based on my work with ERPs, I know the angles that we could play. Anybody and everybody says we are in ERP implementation consulting. That's great. Yeah. What does that tell me? Nothing. You know, as you said, and you actually pitched that to me. Your pitch is you're not just implementers. You are your outcome owners who basically understand the technical side. That's your pitch that needs to come out.Vasil Vlasov: Yep. Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Uh word of caution, the stuff that you're doing organically is fine, but you need a funnel behind it in order to take that in order to take that interest into into action.  
00:27:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: And that's what I would structure for you first thing. So trust and the funnel that takes people from curiosity to in your calendar. Does that answer your question?Vasil Vlasov: Yeah. Yeah. Sort of. I think they're good ideas. Um, in terms of Yeah. So, let's say we we we sign with you and like would it take a a month to figure the strategy? you said like you you need the strategy strategy session to figure out what we're doing. Um would it take a week? Would it take two weeks? Then how much how long do you expect until we kind of start seeing someHassaan Ahmad: BecauseVasil Vlasov: activity? And based on what we're paying like what is the risk we're taking and what is the risk you are taking as a party?Hassaan Ahmad: so because I understand your world relatively well. You're looking at probably a 5day timeline to go live, which means five day from the strategy session, that's going to be about two hours where my team's going to come in. We're going to sit with you and Rob.  
00:28:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: You're gonna download all the information that you have. Tell us about your past experiences. Tell us about where you've had project success, where you've failed, what makes you specialists in the field. So, we'll take all of that information and off the back of that, we'll create um assets, landing pages, um creatives, etc., everything that needs to be done in order to make that funnel. Yeah. But because I have the privilege of prior knowledge to bank on my research phase is really compressed. I basically don't need to do much research. I already know what the problem is and what has moved the needle for me in the past. So five days go live which means that five within five days you should expect your paid campaigns to go live. Now, what can you expect?Vasil Vlasov: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, honestly, if it is, there's no guarantees in this world simply because you don't know how the market's going to respond. Yeah, I can only tell you what some of my other clients are experiencing right now and I can actually show that live to you at some point.  
00:29:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: But there's this one guy who has a one grand a month offer. Yeah, it's uh he runs he runs groups for CEOs and stuff. So, he's more of a lifestyle coach. That guy has spent 1,400 pounds over the past three weeks and he has alreadyVasil Vlasov: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: made 12 grand offered. So, 1,400 to 12 grand in 3 weeks. That's something that he has already signed. His offer is simple to understand and because we're targeting the CEOs who can just expense that as a executive coaching or whatever it is, it's a very very easy sale for you. The biggest problem is your sales cycle is going to be really long. Yeah. Because when you go into a conversation,Vasil Vlasov: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: it requires that the company has already either selected Microsoft Dynamics Business Central as an ERP they want to implement or they have a problem with the existing implementation that needs to be fixed. In both cases,Vasil Vlasov: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: there's going to be multiple stakeholders that you would need to go through that you would need to on board.  
00:31:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: you would need to do multiple sessions with them in order to get down to a scope of work. Um that would then lead commercial conversation and so forth.Vasil Vlasov: Yeah, I think yeah, I think I think No, I understand. Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Vasil Vlasov: I I think from from the lead until project sign off, I'm very comfortable with the journey.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh,Vasil Vlasov: I I was more referring to how long do you think it will take to start generating the leads to start Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: how how quickly leadsVasil Vlasov: start getting these recurring meetings inHassaan Ahmad: our experience has been it takes about two weeks Unless you're likeVasil Vlasov: again.Hassaan Ahmad: that guy who's just flies off the hook, it takes about two weeks for the algorithm to really figure out who is the right audience for you. There's a lot of work that we do to guide it, which compresses that timeline, but you're looking at about two weeks of algorithm figuring out what's the right audience for you that takes the right stepsVasil Vlasov: Mhm.  
00:31:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: when they come to your profile and so forth. Yeah, you're looking at um about I want to say a,000 pounds of training money that you've got to give to the algorithm to just learn that. Yeah. But once that's done, what does that learning look like? It looks like two weeks of it sending you one maybe two results a week. Then it learns from them and then it sends you more and more of those. Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: Huh?Hassaan Ahmad: So by week three or by week four you should start looking at some activity coming through. By some activity I'm talking about I think you should be looking at about one to two a week if you can sustain that level of spend. And that spend is about 60 pounds a day. It would need to be continuous. So if you want to commit to this, you should be prepared to spend at least six grand just on the ads over three months because the moment you switch it off, it breaks the learning chain and the whole thing falls apart.  
00:33:09
 Vasil Vlasov: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So you commit to this for three months, your expense over the three months is going to be 9 grandish all in. Yeah. So, my fee plus the ad spend. And what you should see after week four is about one to two meetings coming in. Some weeks are going to be good, some weeks are going to be dry, but that's to be expected.Vasil Vlasov: Yep. And what if it don't? Yeah. What if it don't convert anything? Then is it is it And not because we are not the right consultancy, not because we can't close them, but because they're not the right leads, let's say. That make sense? Like again like where where do you see the risk for us and the risk for yourself?Hassaan Ahmad: look the risk for absolutely.Vasil Vlasov: How is it with the agreement with your otherHassaan Ahmad: So the way I reframe thatVasil Vlasov: clients?Hassaan Ahmad: is that's a very valid question to ask. Yeah, we what we are really good at doing is targeting the right people and bringing them through the funnel.  
00:34:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, I can again show you my calendar. I can show you the calendar of the guy, you know, who we're booking the meetings with. It's just CEOs. It's just CXOs. So, we're really, really good at doing that piece. That's the science of the process which is based on all the work that we do. So I can guarantee you that if the leads come in, they're going to be the right leads for you. Yeah. We don't target anyone below directed level. That's number one. We don't target anyone who wouldn't have the same who wouldn't have the problem that you can fix. Yeah. So the persons that come in would be the right people. There wouldn't be just people who are curious about how this thing works and that that works. There will be a couple in the beginning. That's the calibration phase. That's us learning and the algorithm learning. So that's where we tweak. Once we've done the tweaking, things go well.  
00:35:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: The risk for us is obviously one grand doesn't pay anyone anyone's bills. I'm going to put three people on it. So there's going to be me who's going to do the strategy. There's going to be uh my partner who is um who's a staff designer at Meta who would do the design and then there's a guy who is the growth marketer. So it's you're actually buying three of us for that one grand. That doesn't move the needle for us. What moves the needle for us is the web share. Yeah. So what we're banking on is that we're going to bring in the right people through the funnel for you that you're going to be able to close that will then lead to rep share for us. That is where the magic happens. Otherwise one grand I mean I pay that much on cloud subscriptions a month.Vasil Vlasov: When you when when you say one grand,Hassaan Ahmad: SoVasil Vlasov: this is the this is the monthly this is the monthly fee,  
00:36:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: retainerVasil Vlasov: right? The monthly retainer. And then we have on top of this,Hassaan Ahmad: £2,000.Vasil Vlasov: it's about £2,000 for LinkedIn advertising.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So that's why I said so three months, nine grand is what you're looking at. What you should be willing to and able to commit to before you start anything. Otherwise, this whole thing wouldn't work.Vasil Vlasov: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Like it just wouldn't work.Vasil Vlasov: Yeah. Understand. Understand. AllHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: right.Hassaan Ahmad: Look, in three months, if you get one client,Vasil Vlasov: I think no understand.Hassaan Ahmad: that's 30 grand as you said. Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: So our to be again transparency from our side. Um when I said we were talking to a couple of people um bringing in a full-time salesperson for us which at some point we will once we have the sustained projects didn't make sense because even if they bring so much business in we wouldn't necessarily have the infrastructure to deliver these projects.  
00:37:26
 Vasil Vlasov: Right. So, um, as you're saying, one project a month or one project for two months. This is qu kind of a a sweet spot for us at the minute because we don't want toHassaan Ahmad: That's your feeling. Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: expand like we want an organic growth which is sustainable that we can build a good solid quality team. All right. I think I think it sounds good because what you're telling me pretty much is I've got all the experience. I've worked for a company that specializes in the European industry and I've I've grown other system integrators. Now it's the time to do this for myself because I'm seeing that the large companies are not good enough and I'm really confident in my in my skills. That's pretty much what I'm seeing. And yeah, I already have the systems. So I just need to understand a bit more about your system and we can we can plug this in and then the machine will start working. So it's more of a of a fractional salesperson that can feed us leads,  
00:38:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: I would call it a fractional marketeer at this point.Vasil Vlasov: right?Hassaan Ahmad: A marketeteer at this point. So I because I'm not going to do the sales for you,Vasil Vlasov: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? I'm going to get you the right people in through the door.Vasil Vlasov: Yeah. Sorry. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And yeah, that's precisely what I'm saying. um on that on the ability to handle the volume. The beauty of this thing is we can switch it off at any time. Yeah. So if at two months in you guys have six meetings a week, you guys are fully underwater, you can just tell me, hey, can we just slow this down or stop it? We can stop it. That's the beauty of this thing. um on bringing a salesperson in because you know what's going to happen is and I've seen this happen. I'm sure you have as well. The salesperson is going to come in. They're going to take like three four weeks to learn your business.  
00:39:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: Then they're going to start hitting the forms. They're going to need another month or two of ramp to actually start getting some pipeline in all the time. You're going to be paying their salary. You're going to be paying their national insurance. You guys are based in London, right? Milton Queens.Vasil Vlasov: Uh Milton Kees based.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So you're going to be paying cash national insurance pension and they're going to be a pain to fire.Vasil Vlasov: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You just got to fire that guy. Uh bring in the salesperson once the volume supports that before that the problem that you need to solve is pipeline. That's my sincere rest advice to you.Vasil Vlasov: Yep. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Vasil Vlasov: I understand. Sounds good. U do do you have any other ERP consultancies in your client portfolio at theHassaan Ahmad: like I said, I don't have any ERP consulting client for remote here.Vasil Vlasov: minute?Hassaan Ahmad: My ERP Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: You'veHassaan Ahmad: So, my ER my experience of working with implementation partners,  
00:40:16
 Vasil Vlasov: gotHassaan Ahmad: systems integrators comes from my three years at Naplan. Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: understand.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh and I can give you a list of people that I worked with.Vasil Vlasov: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So I worked with the big four. So your PWC's, KPMGs and so forth. I have worked with some boutique consultings who only implement an plan and nothing else. And I've done with in the middle who do an plan who do an plans competitors who do docuigns and so forth. So I work with Spalding for example who do sign and apply Salesforce work with slalom who do like everything and anything under the sun. I've also worked with Bedford Consulting who only do one ERP sorry one planning solution and that's how plan that is who you are most comparable to except Bedford slightly bigger where sorry I worked with this one guy who actually developed the solution by himself and he was a oneman team and then he scaled from there so you are most comparable to that um the problem for pretty much anyone and everyone's the How do you stand apart from the six nearly identical proposals that they would get?  
00:41:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: It would come down to your cost more likely than not,Vasil Vlasov: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: your experience, how you show up in meetings, and how tight your scoping is. I don't control any of them, but I can put you in the rooms where you have those conversations.Vasil Vlasov: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: Yep. Yep. Sounds good.Hassaan Ahmad: Look, I don't know the conversations that you've had so far and what depth they went into,Vasil Vlasov: Sounds good.Hassaan Ahmad: but does this conversation show you that I understand your world and I understand mine, or do you still have some doubts and questions in yourVasil Vlasov: No, I think so.Hassaan Ahmad: head?Vasil Vlasov: I think next next steps would be to have another another similar call to this one where I'll bring Robin just to ask because I want him to beHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Vasil Vlasov: comfortable as well.Hassaan Ahmad: of course.Vasil Vlasov: I want I want you to meet him as well and then then we'll take it from there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: But sounds quite yeah sounds quite positive.  
00:42:29
 Vasil Vlasov: Like that's pretty much the profile of the person that we're looking to bring in or to work with. And because you've got the company,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: you've got other like two other people, you've got the whole team, marketing team,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: even better because you've got the full skillHassaan Ahmad: Pay pay me 250 grand for sale and I'll work for you.Vasil Vlasov: set.Hassaan Ahmad: That's what I used to make in my previous job. Um, wasn't good enough for me, but hey, um, that's what it cost. One's yourVasil Vlasov: Maybe at some point.Hassaan Ahmad: calendar.Vasil Vlasov: See if if if you build in Sept big enough then there will be definitely a space for you some.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Vasil Vlasov: I guaranteeHassaan Ahmad: I would I would love to be in that position,Vasil Vlasov: youHassaan Ahmad: but and I appreciate you saying that. When's your calendar free for that meeting with Rob?Vasil Vlasov: I I'm pretty much flexible next week, but I think it's best if we if we leave it for the week commencing the 20th.  
00:43:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um,Vasil Vlasov: So maybe 20th or 21st of April,Hassaan Ahmad: okay.Vasil Vlasov: I would say.Hassaan Ahmad: I could do 11:00 a.m. on the 20th. Does that work?Vasil Vlasov: Yeah, that's good. 11's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm going to set it up for 45 minutes if that'sVasil Vlasov: If you send me if it might be a shorter one to beHassaan Ahmad: okay.Vasil Vlasov: fair. Um I I already have all the background. It's just I want you to meet Rob. I want him to to ask couple of questionsHassaan Ahmad: Okay, if that's the intent,Vasil Vlasov: andHassaan Ahmad: then why are we taking a gap of one week? Is that because of availability or something else?Vasil Vlasov: Yeah, we can do we can do it next week as well. That's fine. I need to check with Rob when when is his availability as well and I'll come back toHassaan Ahmad: Okay, let's get something in the diary for next week.Vasil Vlasov: you.Hassaan Ahmad: The only thing is um if you're liking what you're hearing and you think the other conversation is going to be short enough, then there's I don't see a point of us putting two weeks into starting something for you guys.Vasil Vlasov: No, no, no. Makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: I think I think let's leave it for Tuesday then next week if itHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, I could do 2 p.m.Vasil Vlasov: for 2:30 p.m.Hassaan Ahmad: 2:30. Yeah.Vasil Vlasov: Yep. Tuesday.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Vasil Vlasov: That's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Vasil Vlasov: And then if you send me the invite,Hassaan Ahmad: Fine.Vasil Vlasov: I can just extend it to Rob as well on myHassaan Ahmad: Perfect.Vasil Vlasov: side.Hassaan Ahmad: The invite should come through in the next kind of five minutes. Yeah. I'll just recap what we've talked about and yeah, take it from there. Amazing.  
Transcription ended after 00:45:12

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
