---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Dominic Pain – 2026/03/16 11:59 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-16T13:14:28.916Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-16T12:37:34.228Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Dominic Pain - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Dominic,Dominic Pain: Hello. Is that us, sir?Hassaan Ahmad: it is. Hi. How are you?Dominic Pain: Yeah, I'm fine, thank you. Yeah. How's yourself?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well, thankDominic Pain: Good. Good.Hassaan Ahmad: you.Dominic Pain: Um, yeah. So, what what have you what have you got?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Well, thanks for booking in the time, Dom. Um,Dominic Pain: No problem.Hassaan Ahmad: what do you prefer, Dominic or Dominic? Or Dom.Dominic Pain: Dom is fine.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. Well, can I just say I looked at your website and I was like, man, this guy is good. The uh the pain that you are solving with your website, I mean, that's spot on.Dominic Pain: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: My partner is actually struggling with his US visa right now.Dominic Pain: Okay, that'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, not not because of some questionable content that they were pushing,Dominic Pain: handy.Hassaan Ahmad: but just us being US in particular. Um, but yeah, I I because I can relate to it,  
00:05:24
 Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I can just see a real need for it. So yeah, plus I looked at your LinkedIn. I just a delight readingDominic Pain: Oh, thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: it,Dominic Pain: Yeah. Tell tell the employersHassaan Ahmad: right? So look, um I'm the CRO of Ramatier. I I take all of these calls myself simply because, you know, it's it's just the best use of both of our time rather than, you know, NSDR taking it and then qualifying you or disqualifying you and not being able to give you the value that you want. So,Dominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: the next 25 or so minutes that we've got, what I'd like to do is just learn about yourself. Um,Dominic Pain: Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: understand what prompted you to book a call with us. Was there something specific that you were looking for or did you you know, what what was the trigger for you and then we can just talk about if there's anything that we could do to help you meet your revenue goals.  
00:06:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Does that sound okay?Dominic Pain: Yeah, that sounds great. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. So,Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: let's uh let's start with what prompted you to to pull the trigger to make theDominic Pain: Uh well,Hassaan Ahmad: call.Dominic Pain: it was your LinkedIn post. Uh you were mentioning um I can't remember exactly what it was. You mentioned um your assistance with marketing. Uh and that's what I'm struggling with. Uh I don't know how to get this to market. Uh I'm I'm not naturally a marketing person. Uh I'm quite good at coming up with the ideas and quite good with with uh delivering the ideas. Uh but the actual uh marketing of it, I don't even know where to start. I've not got contacts. I've not got I'm not very good at design. Um you know, as you can see from the site, that's just no, you know, that's not that's not been designed. That's just been that's something functional um which I can which I can do.  
00:07:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: Uh, and that's it. So, I'm not getting any sales at all. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dominic Pain: because I'm because I'm not getting anybody actually I think because I'm not getting anybody directed to the website. I did try uh travel agents uh in Scotland, emailed all of them um and more and got absolutely no response whatsoever. Not even a no thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: Just a just a nothing. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dominic Pain: that's my that's my problem is I think I've got a good idea. I just need to get it to the right people and I don't think it's gettingHassaan Ahmad: Okay, that's fair.Dominic Pain: there.Hassaan Ahmad: And um I think you've come to the right place because marketing and sales is what I do. Sales is more what I do. I've been a seller for 15 years and I've sold anything and everything under the sun from pharmaceuticals to kids toys to SAS and advisory to Fortune 100Dominic Pain: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: CTO. Right?  
00:08:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: So I've done all of that and I've just my experience and my learning into what I'm doing at Remier now. Right? So, it's the psychological aspect of it, the science of it, but also the art, which is just, you know, subtle things that make things move. Now,Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: looking at your website, um, yes, the idea is great. Uh, going to be completely honest,Dominic Pain: Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: looks like a 1995 website. So, you know, it's it's designed as a B2C tool.Dominic Pain: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: And for B2C tools, you know, there's the the users are expecting a lot now. They expect a very reactive website that is a pleasure to use. They expect the user journey to be mapped out correctly and so forth. So there are things that we can help with. My partner is um an ex UX designer, a principal UX designer from Meta, so from Facebook, shipped product to millions of people. and you know that might be something that we can help with even you know just uh shoot some ideas and so forth.  
00:09:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: So not saying we're going to develop that for you. We'd be happy to just shoot some ideas um with you. Now before I tell you what we would do and um what not the reason why the the travel agent thing didn't work because we called that as a B2B TOC sale. So you as a business were trying to sell to a business but the ultimate consumer was a user right somebody who that so that requires theDominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: middleman who's the be in the middle to sell for youDominic Pain: Yeah. Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah well that's a very hard saleDominic Pain: Yes. Well, what I did was I I offered them um like um like a discount code uh for you know for every sale that they made give them 10% or something. I can't remember what the offer was that I made precisely but it was along those lines to try and incentivize them and got gotHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Dominic Pain: nothing.Hassaan Ahmad: I can imagine that. So, is it just you that's doing it or do you have a team?  
00:10:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: How are you guys currently structured?Dominic Pain: It's just me.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. And and I'm guessing you're bootstrapped,Dominic Pain: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: so you're just doing it yourself.Dominic Pain: very much so.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dominic Pain: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Um, have you tried any advertising ever?Dominic Pain: Not as such. I put it on um r/cotland uh and got a couple of people sort of like kicking the tires at it. Um but when I asked them for feedback again, I got nothing back from them. So I did generate a report for um two or three people andHassaan Ahmad: Good.Dominic Pain: got got zero feedback from them. So I wasn't sure whether that was they were quite happy or whe they hated it and just didn't want to get involvedHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dominic Pain: or you know or or what.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. So,Dominic Pain: SoHassaan Ahmad: is the challenge right now the bigger challenge right now is that nobody's coming in through the door or that you don't even know if the product is  
00:11:14
 Dominic Pain: I don't know if the product is good enough because one of the one of the problems I've got is that becauseHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dominic Pain: you can't just um tell to go and scam Facebook because Facebook have got uh you know um tools to stop you from just um scraping Facebook, you can't do that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: You'll get banned within seconds. So, it does need them to download their information first. And that seemed to be a big barrier was the download your informationHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: piece. You know,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dominic Pain: when I family and friends to to do it, uh, you had two barriers. One one was just the pain of getting the download your export your information export. That's one pain.Hassaan Ahmad: What?Dominic Pain: And the other one I had was of course when I said we use AI to do as soon as you mentioned AI a lot of people went I'm not giving all my Facebook information to AI. The fact the fact that they already give it to AI to  
00:12:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: Facebook already didn't seem to make any sense to them. Um you all you're doing is giving it back to you.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: Yes. Very strange.Hassaan Ahmad: I can imagine. Uh, I mean, honestly, I would be in the same boat if somebody, well, I would be in the same boat if somebody asked me to download all of the data, give it to them, and so forth, right? So,Dominic Pain: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: we've definitely got a trust issue to get through,Dominic Pain: Yeah. I mean, I've got that all covered in the privacy policy.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Dominic Pain: Um, but that, you know, because I do actually have a data retention policy and, you know, data retention at the back end,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: all the S3 stuff, that's all that's all done. So the the data protection aspect is I think covered wellHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Uh,Dominic Pain: enough.Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely. I think for so this is in a lot of cases either an impulsive purchase.  
00:13:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: So somebody just, you know, has booked a ticket and they're just really excited about it and now they want to see if they get a visa or something like thatDominic Pain: Just aHassaan Ahmad: or going to get questioned. So you've got to um, what do you say?Dominic Pain: shirt.Hassaan Ahmad: preempt it significantly and just plaster it all over the website and say, "Hey, we've got the best in-class security, etc., etc." So, for example, somebody like me sees banking grade security on an app and I just trust it. I don't know what that means, but I just trust it.Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm on Amazon and I'm buying a cover for my phone and I see military grade protection. I just trust it. When in reality means it's probably it's one level above barely acceptable,Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So it's it's how those and this is what I meant by the art of sales, right?Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So this is this is delivering the message at the right time in a word and in a in a way that the person already associates with so that you know they don't even have to go to the privacy policy.  
00:14:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: They just trust it. Anyway, look um when I was looking at the product and I was thinking about it, two things came to mind. The first one is the impulsive purchaser, right? who's going to holiday in the US and they're just worried about am I going to be questioned am I going to am I going to get trouble with IC or whatever the other person so sorry so these guys I feel are going to be slightly they will come in through the door I think or 49 or dollars whatever your price was might be a bit high for them because 49 is not an impulsive purchase yeahDominic Pain: Yeah, IHassaan Ahmad: an impul more like $9.99 or maybe $19.99.Dominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, so that's that. So, that's one piece. The other piece, the other customer that I think you would probably have a better um better chance with is the business user. So people who have to go to the US for business or whatever. Um they have the budget because that's something that they can expense and so you've so there's need there's budget and then the timing works for them as well because well they have to go.  
00:15:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, if you're saying that, hey, for $49, we would be able to give you everything and you would get a report of whatever is questionable in your Facebook or whatever, um, that could work better. So, that's my thought, my initial thought without going really deep into your product on your two ICPs. Yeah.Dominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Then the challenge becomes the messaging. So, how do we deliver the message? The message one is not going to work on the other.Dominic Pain: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So the message the challenge is then messaging and then it's the channel and last is the execution. So before we put any effort behind the marketing side of things, these are the three decisions that we would need to make. Yeah. So who do we want to go after?Dominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: What do we want to say to them? And where are we saying this to them? We get these three things right, the execution piece becomes easy and cheaper. Otherwise, you're just throwing money at  
00:16:23
 Dominic Pain: Excuse me one second. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Sorry. Yes. Quinn with me.Hassaan Ahmad: it.Dominic Pain: Hi, how you doing? Sorry about that. Governments for for a different project altoHassaan Ahmad: Of course.Dominic Pain: together.Hassaan Ahmad: Of course. So, those are my initial thoughts. Do you does that resonate at all with youDominic Pain: Okay. Yes, I think so. Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: orDominic Pain: it's I I hadn't again this is where I hadn't really I had thought about B2B that had crossed my mind but I wasn't sure how to go about it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: Um and the um yeah you I've sort of got I did think about the price point whether it was too high or not. Um, and I was leaning towards making it sort of like more pricey to seem more like a people think if you pay more you get more sort of thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: Um but um my only advice honestly Hassa my only business advice has come from uh chat GPT and Claude and they've been they've both been sort of push pushing and saying no make it £49.99 because you want would you rather 100 sales um you know would you rather get 10 sales of 50 pound or five sales at10 you know which way yeah which way around you want to get it so you maybe I need to I willgest just that price point down.  
00:17:55
 Dominic Pain: I my feeling has been this is tooHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, don't straight away. So, look, um, Chad, GPT, Claude,Dominic Pain: high.Hassaan Ahmad: etc., They're all great, but they're predictive engines, right? They don't understand the nuances of going actually out there and getting business. They'reDominic Pain: No, I know.Hassaan Ahmad: probablyDominic Pain: And they they both tried to convince me that I was going to be a multi-millionaire by this point, you know, that sort of just like ah I you know.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, man. That's that's exactly what it is.Dominic Pain: So IHassaan Ahmad: And look, they're trained on data from 2022 or whatever.Dominic Pain: knowHassaan Ahmad: There's they they do not understand what it is today to actually is it like today to goDominic Pain: yeahHassaan Ahmad: out there and try to get customers. Every getting bombarded withDominic Pain: and yeah and more than that they're designed to uh toHassaan Ahmad: stuff.Dominic Pain: tell you how cool you are and how great you are.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Unless you specifically tell them not  
00:18:43
 Dominic Pain: So yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: to.Dominic Pain: Yeah. And then the tens. But anyway,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dominic Pain: so what's so right, so that's our So let me recap that. So there's three main things there. So we need to get them in get them in the door. We need to re Well, we need Yeah. Get get them in the door.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Dominic Pain: Let's do three channels. Uh change the price door. Change price.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm not giving so don't take that as an advice straight away.Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That is my initial thought my five minute or 20 minute analysis of your website and listening to you when we startDominic Pain: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: working together those are the things that we would do. Yeah. So I've developed a four lens framework which I just told you about.Dominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So the four lenses are your ICP. So customer profile, the message that you're giving them, the channel where you're delivering that message, and how you're executing it.  
00:19:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: Those are the four lenses. They need to be aligned with each other in order for things to work. Yeah. Um so when we come in we would run that four lens analysis and we would give you aDominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: very specific very actionable advice on what to do. Yeah. What you should do,Dominic Pain: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: how you should structure it and so forth. And that would involve and that probably is going to lead to some packaging decisions, some pricing decisions and so forth.Dominic Pain: ThankHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, there's a lot of work that we would that you can do.Dominic Pain: you.Hassaan Ahmad: We can do that as well. Obviously, I'll charge you for it. So, there's a lot whatever you can do yourself, I'll just ask you to do it. You seem like a very capable developer.Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You built a great product. I'm sure you can do it. Where you need advice, we can provide it and so forth.  
00:20:31
 Dominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: The the bit that I would charge you for is the analysis piece. Yeah. As well as the execution. Because the execution is, you know, monthly some well, it's daily. somebody needs to stay on top of it, adjust things. Um, and there's a lot of work that I need to do to to put it out there in the best way possible. Okay,Dominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: before I go into any of that, because you're bootstrapped, what is your advertising budget?Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That is the most important question I can ask you.Dominic Pain: Zero. I have I have nothing.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dominic Pain: I have an appointment with a grant committee tomorrow. Um but that's not until tomorrow afternoon.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dominic Pain: Um, my budget at the moment is zero. I'd be looking at offering, the only thing I could think of would be to offer equity. So, you know, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: like a percentage of sales that got that got driven  
00:21:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: away.Hassaan Ahmad: That's I I thought that um I thought you would say that. That's very generous offer.Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um we don't work on that basis.Dominic Pain: Yeah. I didn't think youHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So I think when you have that conversation with the grant committee um you'd obviously need to present them with some with a business plan or requirement or somethingDominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: should Yeah. Sorry.Dominic Pain: Well,Hassaan Ahmad: Go for it.Dominic Pain: which I was going to say which would come in which if you can give me a figure just now sort of a ballpark of how much uh Revoler might charge for uh for marketing this thing. Um you know and sort of like any projection you might have for uh for what I might get in return for that spend you know in terms in terms of actual sales because at the moment I'm getting none. um then that would be really useful because I can say to the grant committee I need this and then I'll be able to if I spend X I can get Y  
00:22:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dominic Pain: back you know and become reinvest that into other aspects of the business which I've not touched on today. SoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, absolutely.Dominic Pain: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: You should budget all in at least three grand a month.Dominic Pain: three a month,Hassaan Ahmad: Three a month for at least threeDominic Pain: right?Hassaan Ahmad: months in order to get a meaningful return.Dominic Pain: SoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And I will break it down into what would go whereDominic Pain: right. Okay. And and what would the when you say a meaningful return?Hassaan Ahmad: the I will I will come to the return first. Let me tell you uh return later.Dominic Pain: UmHassaan Ahmad: Let me tell you where this would go. Of the nine grand for three months, six, so two grand a month will and should go towards your ad spend. Yeah,Dominic Pain: okay.Hassaan Ahmad: that is what you would be giving to the platforms directly for putting your ad in front of the right people. Anything below that in our experience just doesn't work.  
00:23:33
 Dominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: It's it's you would struggle with that. The remaining three grants, one grand a month is going to be our fee. For that we would do um all the execution. We would create all the creatives. We would um do the four lens analysis. We would advise you on the packaging,Dominic Pain: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: the pricing, how you should structure it. So we're going to be your business partners basically in all of those things. Yeah. Um now that is what you can what youDominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: should budget as a minimum now what you would get in return I'm not in business of making promises I can't keep so I'm not makingDominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: promises but because your product is priced low enough for somebody to expense it um if you go after a business user I the ability to capture those business users is the chance of capturing those business users is pretty high. Yeah.Dominic Pain: That'sHassaan Ahmad: Um you typically we recommend that in month one you wouldn't see any return on the investment  
00:24:43
 Dominic Pain: it.Hassaan Ahmad: because the algorithms they need to learn. They're understanding when you start working with the algorithms they're understanding um what your product is, who likes it, who clicks on it, what actions do they take, etc., etc. The algorithm needs to learn that before it starts sending you the kind of the right kind of people. So it's a lot of testing. So your first two grand will go pretty much towards that and you shouldn't see any return on that.Dominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: In second month what are we talking about? Uh give me 49 looking 40. You should see about um if the message lands and if if it works, you should see 0.8 to 1.1% ROI. So, sorry, 1.1x ROI. So you would recover between 80% of your cost to about you know you could slightly go higher and next month is where that all starts accelerating because all theDominic Pain: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: while this happens the algorithms getting better.Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The more fuel you provide the longer you let it go it just keeps on going.  
00:26:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: So for example when I started my campaign I spent the first one well two grants training the algorithm. Now I'm getting four maybe five leads a month uh sorry a week for a 999 minimum offer. Yeah, your offer is much lower. So you would get more volume but not going to make any promises and anyone who does make promises I would advise against them becauseDominic Pain: Yeah. Yeah. Nobody can promise anything.Hassaan Ahmad: no the thing is nobody canDominic Pain: Yeah. Because Yeah. But yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: predict what the algorithm is going to doDominic Pain: I mean the the the problem I've got is that because this it was initially meant to be targeted at um the World Cup. That was my that was my big idea was when Scotland qualified um you know a couple few months ago was like this is the thing for the market.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: Uh, and it's kind of just a couple of fa failed launches on LinkedIn and uh, Reddit and it's just sort of like faltered.  
00:27:19
 Dominic Pain: Um, and so I'm running out of time. That's that's myHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Dominic Pain: problem.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that that is a real problem and that is why if you are to do it, you should do it now because you have to think about the the windows.Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So you've correctly identified one, the World Cup. Yeah.Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If we were going to go after the business users, the biggest window was now literally this month because this is when a lot of the UK based sales teams or the revenue teams of the US companies, they go to the US for their sales kickoffs. Yeah,Dominic Pain: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: you've got hundreds upon hundreds upon hundreds of people just going to the US.Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Vegas is packed, San Francisco is packed and so forth because that is sales kickoffs are that thing is now behindDominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: us. Yeah. So, we missed that window. Um World Cup is still there, but then we have things like the 4th of July, so a lot of Americans are going to go back.  
00:28:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: You've got your summer holidays and so forth. So, there's windows in which this could work. I think the next window that we should be targeting now is the spring to summer holiday as well as the WorldDominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Cup obviously.Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um but yeah,Dominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: this is you would need to invest in that in order to get the return backDominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: because your strategy needs to be get the message out in front of as many people as possible so that you're capturing the demand. We're not generating any new demand. We're feeding on people's fear that am I going to get in trouble when I landDominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: US that's what yeah you're providing a solution to that fear and thatDominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: problem that is why people will buy your product butDominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: it's really hard to pinpoint someone unless you go through these platformsDominic Pain: Yeah. And that's what I say. I've been trying trying DIY marketing, but I it's just like pulling teeth.  
00:29:17
 Dominic Pain: Most of the people that I get to seem to be people are going, "Well, I wouldn't bloody go to America anyway while Trump was in charge." Uh, you know, that's I'm I'm a lot of that. So, it's the people who,Hassaan Ahmad: What'sDominic Pain: as you like, business uh already got their hold these books, but they want to make sure they're not going to have hassle when they get to the border.Hassaan Ahmad: it?Dominic Pain: that sort of thing. But I do have this meeting with the grant people tomorrow. So that's exciting. Um I've got your uh I've got your details here, haven't I? So I'm guessing Yeah, I know. I need to spend on marketing. I need to spend to speculate to accumulate. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's what right and um look there's people who are going to do that for cheaper definitely if you go on LinkedIn or whatever there people who would say that they would do that but this is literally you where where you hedge your bets right because anyone can make a promise.  
00:30:15
 Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I specifically do not make promises because I don't know what the alas are going to do, right?Dominic Pain: Yeah. What can I when I get this grant when I speak to this grant um it's not committee,Hassaan Ahmad: UmDominic Pain: it's a this is beginning meeting. when I do speak to the grant committee and put together my thing, how could what what have I got to say to them that makes Remoter different from those other people that you mentioned? Why why why you why a,000 pound aHassaan Ahmad: That's that's a great question. Um well,Dominic Pain: month?Hassaan Ahmad: I would say two or maybe three things. The first thing is the team. Yeah. So the team is it's me who's been a seller at the highest level for 15 years. Um the design partner is a principal UX designer at Meta and we the third person the core part of our team is growth marketing. So we're bringing the best expertise from the three disciplines that matter to the  
00:31:22
 Dominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: team.Dominic Pain: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. We're not marketeteers, we're not sellers, we're we're all three.Dominic Pain: ExcuseHassaan Ahmad: And that's what makes the first thing different. The second thing is our approach which is the four lens work ofDominic Pain: me.Hassaan Ahmad: course.Dominic Pain: ThankHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: you.Hassaan Ahmad: So the fourlengths framework is something that we have developed after you know combined three decades of experience. Now anyone can do marketing. Anyone can put together a creative. You have tried it. You can put together a creative, ask Nano Banana to create something for you,Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but it's understanding what comes before that that makes that creative effective. Yeah. So, it's the three things that I talked about who your ICP is, why, what do you say to them that makes them care, where do you say that? Yeah. And then the third thing is the execution piece that we do. So we because we're a bunch of geeks and techies at hard, we really try to understand what the algorithms want and like and do.  
00:32:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So our approach is sciencebased and forensic rather than you know let's just make a pretty creative and people are going to come. I take a lot of pride in beating the LinkedIn algorithms. I can show you some examples where they're asking me to spend $10 to get a click. I'm spending six and I'm getting them for five. Right? The reason I'm doing that is because you have to understand the the way these algorithms work. Every single time somebody sees your ad, it's an auction that happens behind it. So two plus 30 different sellers or 100 different sellers are trying to put your contentDominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: at that time in front of that person.Dominic Pain: Yeah. No, I understand that much better. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So the auction what wins that auction is a function of how relevant your thing is and how much money you payDominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: them.Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We dial the relevancy up way high. So to pay that much but the algorithm still puts it in front of people.  
00:33:36
 Dominic Pain: H.Hassaan Ahmad: So it's the efficiency piece. So we genuinely generate the most efficient results because well that's what we optimize for.Dominic Pain: Right. Yeah. I guess that engine,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Dominic Pain: not not just like the old meta tags of the 'Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Screw that. I mean that that used to work two years ago,Dominic Pain: 90s.Hassaan Ahmad: but the algorithms are getting very smart, right? So I'm sure there are people like me out there who are trying to beat the algorithm. The algorithm trying to beat us, so they're getting smarter. And we're getting smarter. Is that Exactly. So that's what we're trying to do. Um and we work exclus well pretty much exclusively with B2B. So we don't do B2C. We try not to do meta because meta sends a lot of garbage our way.Dominic Pain: What?Hassaan Ahmad: We understand B2B psychology really really well. We have done B2C. We will do B2C when the time comes.  
00:34:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: But there's a way that we do it that increases the quality threshold there as well. Um, so yeah, that's uh that's whyDominic Pain: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: usDominic Pain: brilliant. Okay, well um yeah, I guess um we need to wrap this up. I was I was late anyway. Apologies for that. Um what what the I guess the next step is I I have this meeting tomorrow uh and see what I can get in terms of budget. Um, and if I can get the budget, then I'll give you I'll give you a call. I think I've got everything that I need here. But if you can send me everything that you've got, all your marketing stuff that if you can send me that by email or whatever,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dominic Pain: um, then I can send that on to them as part of my grant application thing to say, I've chosen this company for marketing because this is why I think they're the best one for the forHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Dominic Pain: the job.Hassaan Ahmad: Sounds good.  
00:35:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: What time do you have your meeting tomorrow?Dominic Pain: 3:00 in theHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dominic Pain: afternoon.Hassaan Ahmad: Should we touch base maybe 4? Uh, let's do it.Dominic Pain: I wouldn't this this this is this is probably an introductory meeting.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dominic Pain: There won't be any there won't be any meetings uh any decisions made. Uh it's just it's going to be I'll probably have more of an idea of how much money I might be able to get um uh tomorrow. There's a lot of there's a lot of different moving parts.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Dominic Pain: Um but I would I would say maybe give me if you want to schedule another call. Uh maybe make it for Wednesday this week.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What time?Dominic Pain: Same same sort of time. I'll try and I'll try and actually be here on time.Hassaan Ahmad: I can't do 12. I could probably do one. Does that work?Dominic Pain: Yeah, that's right. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, perfect. I'll put that in. And then Yeah,Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I would send you something that should help you substantiate your case a bit better.Dominic Pain: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And Awesome.Dominic Pain: Yeah. Yeah. Perfect.Hassaan Ahmad: Pleasure speaking with you.Dominic Pain: And thanks a lot for your time. It was nice to hear that you'd actually looked at the website. I wasn't expecting someone quite so all over it.  
Transcription ended after 00:37:12

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
