---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Carrotcake x Remotir - Plan to fix conversion issues – 2025/09/26 15:57 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:57.318Z
meeting_date: 2025-09-26T15:38:40.523Z
---


Carrotcake x Remotir - Plan to fix conversion issues - Transcript
00:00:00
 Adnan Khan: So it made me giggle when I saw your product. I'm like, "Oh, this is this is bringing some some memories."Nicole Farley: Oh, I love it. I love it. I think I've heard a limit. That sounds really familiar. I mean, I'm familiar with a lot of email marketing products, but I I think Yeah, I was gonna say I think I'm definitely in the right place. That's interesting.Adnan Khan: Yeah, we Hey, we were just getting uh getting warmed up.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, Nicole. Sorry I'm late. Getting a quick tip. Good.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Nicole, thanks for sharing the document yesterday.Nicole Farley: Yeah. Sorry about having to move the call. Um I was supposed to have maintenance here at 8:30 and then they were late and I called and they said, "Well, we'll be here at 11:00." I was like, "Well, that figures."  
00:00:47
 Nicole Farley: And then I had to jump on a call from 1 to or from 12 to 2 and then the day just kind of got away from me. So, I appreciate the flexibility. Sorry about that.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, of course not. I think that's uh that's absolutely fine. And your document was great, right? Because uh before actually we saw your email and the document, Nadan and I were just talking about you know what were what were the lowest hanging fruit for us like you know what would be we were just discussingNicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: the issues right and the challenges which we'll go into a bit more detail and we were just talking about you know what what is the maximum point of leverage for us right where can we start making some changes that would elevate the experience that the users are having and you know Um like Yeah, sorry.Nicole Farley: That was just a that document was just a a sorry oh no sorry I didn't mean to interrupt you I think there's a delay on my end that document was just a brain dump but I have to get  
00:01:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: Go for it.Nicole Farley: out of that mentality that more is better you know giving more information you know giving these long reports is is better and I I just don't think it is just because it gets clunky and you know um confusing and and things like that. So that document was just a brain dump. So hopefully you guys made some sense out of it. Kind of sounds like you didHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Look, I think your product is really sophisticated, right? And it shows that, you know, you've you've got a lot of knowledge which you've tried to train the AI on and you know, the AI is really good. It goes into it and then it, you know, it it it looks at it and it picks up all the things that are of interest. But that is I think this is where the first challenge lies because you know let me go into my deck and then I think you can um you know you can see what we're talking about.Nicole Farley: Yeah.  
00:02:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: How do I do this? That's better. Sorry. There we go. I've been using Gmail for so long and still like you know struggle to share it. There's a lot of text here right? But basically what we've tried to do is we've tried to look at this from a messaging design and targeting viewpoint right because if you go back to our first chat you mentioned that you know you were spending a lot of time you were getting some leads but getting the signal was the issue right you were people weren't converting sounded like they were non-s serious and when you reach out to them with really kind of strong offers of you know hey here's a gift card spend some time with me tell me give me some feedback they're not doing that right and that was the problem. They really tried to understand why that was happening. And from our perspective, I think targeting is one of the one of the biggest reasons why that's happening. Right? Your product's pretty sophisticated, right?  
00:03:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: It's right now our hypothesis is it's bringing a lot of users in, right? And those users tend to be from let's say agencies, right?Nicole Farley: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: If that is the profile of the people that are coming in then immediately what they're seeing is all that insight which one they they probably have the experience to get right which means it's more or less redundant for them and two it gives people the existential crisis that holy s*** if AI can do this then my job is at risk so I need to bury this as much as possible And the answer to that is then to focus either higher up the chain, right? So people that they report to who care about things like reporting, who care about things like multi-client management, who care about doing things at scale without increasing the cost, etc., etc., right?Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: or a different type of user. For example, not the agency manager but a business owner who employs those agencies because that is where we need to go, right? And say you're paying X,000.  
00:04:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: I think you mentioned your retainer was five, right? So you're paying 5,000 for an agency, right? You can get those insights yourself and then you should be in a position to do this yourself. So that's a potential saving for you.Nicole Farley: Yeah, that's kind of that not to interrupt you. I I like this. That's kind of where I struggled with and I I think I do still struggle with this because the the whole intent of me creating Carro Cake was to create this for the business owner so they didn't have to hire an agency. And then as we were building it just kind of got more complex and more sophisticated and I was like shoot I don't know if business owners would have time for this would have the desire to to do this would know how to do any of this. So then I kind of shifted towards agencies and now we're in that weird spot where nobody's converting because the messaging is all over the place and I'm kind of targeting agencies and kind of business owners and it's you  
00:05:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: AllNicole Farley: know it it's it's a mess. So that was my intent in the beginning and then it just kind of got away from me.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. And and that's spot on, right? And you've well basically that's the segue into the other two things that we also focused on. And Advance point of view, which I agree with, is that that's an information architecture problem, right? So we can solve this by laying out information more quickly, improving the flow, highlighting the points that are important to the ICP. So if it's the business owner, right, what are the points that they care about? If it's the exec and agency owner, you know, who's got three media buyers under them, couple of strategists under them, what do they care about and how do we surface that quicker both in terms of their initial onboarding,Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: but also, you know, as they go through the uh the product itself, right?Nicole Farley: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: And then we use that to refine the messaging, right?Nicole Farley: Yep.  
00:06:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: So we talk about what are those key things that they care about, you know, highlight them straight up in the website, which gives them more of a reason to go in, right? And look at the product and it elevates the intent that they have, which then translates into more engagement with the platform, you know, more willingness to engage with yourself and hopefully them opening their wallet and, you know, spending some money, right? So, so that's our analysis, right? And that um in order to get to that point, I looked at the product, Dan looked at it, and then we had our media buyer look at the product as well. And and it's a combination of stuff that we found.Nicole Farley: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So that then brings us to what we would start solving or if we were to solve this, what we would do, right?Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: very clear kind of three phase or three approach to this, right? We need to clarify the message and validate the offer, right? So, we need to really kind of zone into what is the benefits for the ICP.  
00:07:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, refine the ICP, understand the benefits to them, right? And then reward the messaging of the landing page of the website itself onto the words that they care about, right? So you know high retention for example or retain more consumers by giving them better insights or retain more consumers by ensuring better outcomes things like that right validate that offer with quantity and quality metrics right so if the offer if the messaging is good right that should translate into a high quality of people coming in and you would see that by the titles that start registering with you and how much engagement they have with the product right once we start getting those two signals we know we're on the right path, right? We're getting the right people in. We're, you know, we're we're keeping them.Nicole Farley: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So, the trajectory is good. The second is focusing on the funnel itself, right? One of the key things that we found is, you know, um there's conflicting messages on your website and your creatives, right? So, one of your creatives is uh which by the way we loved that you've got 20 users, right?  
00:08:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: And you've launched a month ago. I think there was one of the videos that you did. Your website on the other hand says there's thousand plus consumers, right? So it'sNicole Farley: I the only reason I keep running that video is because it performs so well. That's the video that's getting us the users and I want to turn it off. I've created updated videos and they just don't perform as well. So yeah, 100% you're right. It's just that that's the video that keeps getting engagement and that's the one that's like driving people to sign up. So I knowAdnan Khan: I think uh one other thing that gets me excited about founders who are willing to go on camera is like it's it's like a opportunity for us as well because like once we nail the messaging we can get them to like actually get in front and say specific things that actually resonate with a specific audience. So I think like whenever I see a founder go on camera, I'm like, "Yes, this is  
00:09:25
 Nicole Farley: I I I was like I'll embarrass myself on camera every day as long as it gets users because like there there was somebody that commented on the video. Oh, a woman created a marketing product. I'm skeptical. So then I created like like response videos that were like pretty funny. And once they started getting engagement, I was like, "All right, I'll just do this every day as long as we have the message right and as long as like it's getting attention and it's getting engagement. SoAdnan Khan: Yeah, that's awesome.Nicole Farley: fine, whatever I have to do.Hassaan Ahmad: That's that's right because if you're that's the biggest token of trust and your passion, right? You're passionate enough to be on camera, you're passionate enough to talk about it, and that's great, right? And that's what we can lean on. Um, once we fix the messaging, once you know once we've uh we fixed the product and and fixed the way we're getting customers, then you know what you're doing is gold, right? You already know that that lowers the cost of acquisition, that brings the right kind of people in. Um, it's it does all the right things.  
00:10:15
 Nicole Farley: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So that's the conversion funnel side of things. And then what we also want to do and this may be a bit more controversial is we want to stop doing meta right or reduce the focus on meta and we want to do more LinkedIn and more Reddit.Nicole Farley: Fine. Mhm. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Reason behind that is we can be highly targeted on LinkedIn, right? we could go for, you know, a chief marketing officer of a, you know, 200 to 500 person company, you know, who we know is going to have an agency because they probably wouldn't have the headcount or we could go to a CEO of an agency, right? That's the kind of people we can target on LinkedIn that we can't target on meta. So, we want to skip that middle layer. We want to skip the people who are executors. We want to go to the decision makers themselves so that they start seeing the value and they can they are the ones that we can have a more credible conversation around hey look at this it's giving you all  
00:11:14
 Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: the insights what are you getting from your agency that you're not getting from this right and if the answer is not much then why wouldn't you skip to a product that costs whatever how much it does as opposedNicole Farley: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: to paying a retainer or something like that right that's the kind of conversations we want to do and we feel that meta is not the the days to get that kind of customer.Nicole Farley: So in my um when I Hassan had told you that I had a marketing agency for about 14 years um I didn't market SAS products I marketed healthcare chiropractors dentists things like that meta and Google ads so as a marketer I feel like oh my god of course like LinkedIn and Reddit like why am I on Facebook because it's not the best. It's bringing in traffic but again it's not converting. So I feel like my marketing experience doesn't quite translate to this and like as a marketer I should know but like it it's just so different than any marketing that I've done before and I'm not a good copywriter.  
00:12:19
 Nicole Farley: I'm not like you know I'm I'm I'm a media buyer. I'm not you know this the storyteller and things like that.Adnan Khan: Yeah, it it it's it's it's like it's funny.Nicole Farley: So, I'm used to like Google and Facebook, but you're 100% 100% right.Adnan Khan: A lot of the people we talk to like when they're like 69 days into working with us, they realize more times than not that a lot of it comes down to data and it becomes a big data problem.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Adnan Khan: And so and initially like that's that's the thing when Hassan talks about messaging he's he's not talking about like getting one approach that's going to work. He's talking about like we're going to try a few different approaches see what hits the wall and then that'll actually get you product feedback as well. So a lot of it is going to be like data signal driven and it's going to be continuous right?Nicole Farley: Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Makes sense. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: It's good. Well, uh, we've talked about the problem and we've talked about how we would fix it.  
00:13:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and it sounds like, Nicole, that's aligned with what you had in mind.Nicole Farley: Yeah. Absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Okay. So, should we what would help you? Should we talk about how we would operationalize this or Okay, so this is basically our process, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah. Well, yeah. Whatever's Yeah. Whatever you guys Whatever your processesHassaan Ahmad: We typically do a three-phase approach, right? Where and for you specifically, what we would like to do is for if we do this for three months, right? And I propose we do a three-month pilot, right? Don't want to tie you into something long term. Um and three months is a good time for us to get the signal for both of us to get the signal of whether this is working or not. The first kind of four weeks although we try to compress it as much as possible is us nailing down the messaging piece right. We'll work on the messaging and we can give you some um insights on the design as well.  
00:14:00
 Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you know, both of them work hand in hand and it comes to a page that is or a landing page that's elevated enough for the buyer that we're targeting, right? That has the right words that follows the right structure that tells the story, right? So, it's not asking for trust up front. It's not asking for um an action up front. It's building people into that so that by the time they hit the CTA they have qualified themselves into the product right or they've looked at it and they've decided that's not for me right so they're not skewing theNicole Farley: Mhm. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: data for you that's number one in this phase what we require from you is help us understand the product really well right help us get inside your brain and help us understand you know what what is it that makes your product great right so we'll work with you we'll give you some questionnaires you know you and It's it's a very collaborative effort.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the foundation phase.  
00:15:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: Once we're done with that, obviously we validate that. So, what we want to do is we want to take your ad budget and we want to start testing that out, right? We get signals really quickly. So, a client that we onboarded what, a month ago, none, right?Nicole Farley: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: We launched a campaign for them two weeks ago. We started getting like four trials. Dude, it's four now as you just mentioned. So, we've got four um four signups for them already. and their ticket price is 12 grand, right?Nicole Farley: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you know, it works and that's how quickly we start getting the data, right?Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: My recommendation at this point to you and to them is that whatever trials, whatever people we start bringing in through the funnel, you are the point person for them, right? So, you do the calls. We can help you sell if you want to, but I don't think you would need that help, right? Because you've got the experience, you've got the passion and you know your product really well.  
00:15:59
 Nicole Farley: Yep. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Reason is because you are the subject matter expert and at this point the product is you, right? And worst case scenario is even if they don't close, you start getting that data or you start that feedback that helps you get better.Nicole Farley: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: We typically run that for eight weeks simply because you know two months is a good time for us to get all the signal that we need. Um and to prove that this is a viable partnership and the product is viable which is one of the questions that you raised in our previous call. And only if that works then we go into the exploration phase where we can put you know a sell a salesperson if you wanted to. We could branch out into other personas. We could do any number of things that you want.Nicole Farley: Got it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Any questions, comments, thoughts on that?Nicole Farley: Um, I have questions, but I'll wait because you might you might go through later on, but nothing on this right now.  
00:16:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, the next slide is the money slide, so you might as well just ask your questions now.Nicole Farley: Um, I know I was talking about changing up the product a little bit. Would you guys in your experience and we don't have to decide this right now um should I wait to change up some things about the product because I don't want you guys to do what you do and that I'm in the back end changing a bunch of things even though I I don't think the messaging will change. Um but how do I know whether it's the product that's not getting people to convert or whether it's the target or whether it's the messaging? like when do you think that I should start making some changes on the product side of things?Adnan Khan: So I can take a first stab at that. I think there are two two parts of this in the funnel. So the first part is us getting a user or a trial or a call into sort of your side of the ballpark.  
00:17:53
 Adnan Khan: Now at that point that's a creative landing page messaging funnel problem. And so we look at the metrics that bring people in. Then the second part of that is like are they converting? So if you're on a trial model then are they converting? If you're on like a sales model then like are you retaining them? And I think from what you're telling us, if people aren't converting, then it sounds like there is a product problem already. So I would say in my experience, I think there are a lot of things you've captured in your uh document that you sent us. I think seven out of those things actually hit strike home in my head.Nicole Farley: Mhm.Adnan Khan: So I would say I would say you go you go ahead and keep iterating that and and getting the product better and better. I think the metric we need to look I think there are two metrics I would look at. one I would look at like the conversion rate and how that spikes and accelerates. I think the other part I would look at is and depending on what the mo the way we set up this funnel is if you're speaking to people getting on 15 30 minute calls whatever getting that real-time feedback from them I think that will also get you like things that you need to like ultimately it's about the report page right and getting getting your CJ right so yeah so I think there is a quantum call side  
00:19:04
 Adnan Khan: to to this but it sounds like not leaving it the way leaving it the way it is is not theNicole Farley: Yeah, I agree. And I just didn't know if that was like if it was like actually the product or is the people that are in the trial right now are not the right people. But there's there are some that are the right people. So I do think that there are some changes that that we can and should make right away. Okay.Adnan Khan: And and we're happy we're happy to like have that conversation as well, right? In the in the form of like a like a product design walk through like we can all sort of jump on a call like like look at the product end to end and and just talk through stuff, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah, I have designers, but that would be very helpful.Adnan Khan: So yeah. Yeah. So we can definitely help on the strategy side for sure.Nicole Farley: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, let's set that up before we um finish this call.  
00:19:50
 Nicole Farley: Okay. Okay. Oh, the other thing I was wondering, sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: What's that?Nicole Farley: Um, the other thing I was wondering is like I've played around with the price a little bit and I know we have a free plan. Like I I people feel differently about a free plan. For me it when people are on a free plan, they still have to connect their Meta and Google ad accounts. So there is value there. Whether we leave that or get rid of it, we'll figure out later. But the $29 a month and like do you guys have experience with like testing different pricing as well or like I I just don't really have much experience. is I did 29 to just try to get people in and get conversions and have them test it out and have them give us feedback, but obviously that's not happening. So I don't know if people see the 29 and perceive it as like it's really cheap, so it's low value, it's not going to be helpful, etc., etc. So like do you guys kind of consult with that aspect as well?  
00:20:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we do. And my suggestion on that was going to be that we remove the free trial option, right? Remove the selfs serve option as well. And the way we set up the flow is the person has to book a demo, right? Can be a 30 minute demo, but it has to be a demo.Nicole Farley: Oh, okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um because at least that gets you conversations, right? Your trial sign up might drop from 100 a week to five a week, but those five are going to be conversations that you have, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah, that's true. I will trust the process.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What? Last time we didn't discuss what was your cost per trial. You said you were spending like 200 a day. What what were you getting?Nicole Farley: Uh well it depends. Um it's in meta I can tell you. I don't know off the top of my head. It it varies. In Google we were getting like 50 um $50 per.  
00:21:43
 Nicole Farley: In meta it can range from like $70 to $130. It depends on the day. You know how meta is. No offense but um yeah just varies.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. All right. So, look, Nicole, um that is our process and our recommendations, right? And if you if you would like to do this with us, then this is what we this is our pricing model, right? The PMF, the blue side, I hope that's blue because I'm a bit color blind. So, the blue side is the three-month pilot that we were talking about, right? We'll build your revenue engine. We'll proof the offer. We'll validate the unit economics. We'll build your landing page. We'll do your campaign management across LinkedIn and Reddit, where we'll recommend that you store meta for now.Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And at the end of those 90 days, what you should have is a very predictable lead flow. Like you would know that if I spend this much, this is how much I would get and this is what the quality is going to be, right?  
00:22:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: Those metrics are going to be defensible because you know it's LinkedIn and you would have the data to back it and that should help you start working on your VC pitch deck and you know you would that's whatNicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: we can anchor our assumptions on and take it from there and uh you know I wanted to put that in there that should give you time back to focus on strategic activities right the way we work is weNicole Farley: Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: we own the process we would typically have we're happy to meet as frequently as you want but our requirement from you would be give us an hour a week right that's it we would run the process we will add you to our Slack and then we do a lot of communication ad hoc so you would see the activity right but we wouldn't ask you to get involved in things right our focus would be to get you those leads and those demos so that you're you know in those conversations u while working on the product and strategy side of things we do charge average uh 15% call a commission but that's a revenue share simply because  
00:23:39
 Nicole Farley: Yep. Makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: you know it keeps us aligned right don't make much money from the full grant the 15% is where we make our money from and uh that's what it is once that is sorted right if you do decide toNicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: move forward with us you know that's when we get to the growth phase where we do everything that we're already doing but we're looking across personas we're looking at meta as well we're looking at you know your information architecture will have those design conversations with you. So you can lean on us to um to you know to have those conversations around you know what should your website look like you know what should your product look like etc etc. So we're happy to do all of that with you and um there's a tier after that as well if you wanted like full hands-on execution then you know we can put on a seller you know if you want design we could do that as well and we can talk about what that might mean but that's essentially what we do.  
00:24:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, what are your thoughts on that?Nicole Farley: Okay. So, it's not choose one, it's the PMF first and then the ongoing is the growth.Hassaan Ahmad: For growth right now wouldn't be my recommendation, but if you wanted it, you can do that.Nicole Farley: No. Well, we'll start with the we'll start with whatever we have to start with. Yeah. The only thing I'm thinking is this is all fine, but now going back to the price point, like we're $29 a month, you guys are 15%, which is fine. I fully support that you guys should make commission, but like, you know, that's and then if I'm doing demo calls, like 29 bucks a month is like not really not that it's not worth it. Of course, it's worth it. Feedback is worth it. Like, you know, talking to our our customers is worth it. But I would like to revisit that price point because it's it's we would need a ton. I mean, like a couple thousand. we would need a lot of of customers to even like, you know, break even and and be profitable.  
00:25:30
 Nicole Farley: So, um this is all fine. Let's do it. I just feel like we should revisit that pricing. Um yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. So when I say it needs to be so remove the pricing, remove the free trial and remove the demo. That's that's why I'm saying that it's not doing justice to the product that you build.Nicole Farley: Okay. Yeah. Oh, that's true. That's true. Okay. So, you're talking about just removing the pricing page altogether and then Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Get people in the funnel first, right? Don't tell them what it cost. Like none of the proper SAS talks about their price, right?Nicole Farley: That makes sense. That makes sense, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh and yours is not a perceived model as well, right?Nicole Farley: Because it's the same information no matter who logs in. So, I can't really charge Percy because it's the same stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Nicole Farley: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. So it needs to be value based pricing.  
00:26:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: We can talk about what it is, right?Nicole Farley: Yeah, that's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: Once we start having those conversations, but yeah, that 29 is not not fit for what you build.Nicole Farley: Yep. Okay. No, I like this. Um, yeah. I'm not really one for kind of going back and forth and um wasting time. So, let's do it.Hassaan Ahmad: All right, that's good. So, uh,Adnan Khan: One thing um one thing Nicole I will say the the whole the whole aspect of you you getting calls and talking to people yourself initially is a couple things Like after the first five calls, you'll have a trend. You'll already see like, oh, what are some of the themes being picked up? After the f after the next 10, you'd be like, I'm hearing the same thing over and over again. I'm just going to go and do and fix these things. And you'll actually get a gauge for the value because one of the things we actually see is like you're pricing yourself at $29.  
00:26:58
 Nicole Farley: Mhm.Adnan Khan: You might be worth way more.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Depending on the size of the client, you might be worth even more. So I I think that's sort of why we we're like if you're new try and get some conversations based on that. Let's like let's let's then go and like build out a pricing model, build a product out further and approach it that way. And LinkedIn usually is like B2B.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Adnan Khan: So,Nicole Farley: Yeah. No, I love that. When we were doing jobs to be done interviews in the very beginning, like before we started building, that was like, okay, we're starting to hear some trends like kind of we heard a lot about like attribution, which is like another conversation for for later, but um yeah, that's kind of that makes sense. It's kind of what you look for.Adnan Khan: We we should look at the jobs to be done and the CUJS for sure because um I suspect like you could pick top three and really hone in on those.  
00:27:40
 Nicole Farley: Yeah. Yeah.Adnan Khan: Like I senior a senior trial and setup flow uh we do have another client and uh his uh flow is not nearly as good.Nicole Farley: Okay. Good.Adnan Khan: Yeah. So we we can definitely talk talk more about that for sure.Nicole Farley: Okay. Yeah, that sounds good.Hassaan Ahmad: So, Nicole, on the pricing thing, what we can do is if you record or transcribe the calls that you have, I'd be more than happy to to work with you on what that price needs to be, right? We can work through the first kind of 510 together.Nicole Farley: Okay. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And uh amazing.Nicole Farley: Yeah. All they should all be recorded on on ReadAI so I can just share those with you guys so you can listen in and then tell me maybe what I'm doing wrong if I'm asking the wrong questions because youHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicole Farley: know I'm not a product manager so that would be very helpful.Hassaan Ahmad: Happy to. Yeah.Nicole Farley: Yeah.  
00:28:31
 Nicole Farley: All right. What's um what's what's next?Hassaan Ahmad: So you you're happy to proceed with the PMF thing.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Cool. Then what I get the direction or the sense from you that you want to get started on this ASAP. So what I would do is I can send across some agreements, right? Have a look. It's very simple. It just says, you know, this is what we're going to do. Um, as soon as you've signed that, what we'd like to do is set up a kickoff call with you, right? So I bring in our media buyer. It would be a nan maybe another person or two from the team. The goal of that is to really understand your product. You know, what is it that you're trying to do? Right? We're really just looking for a demo and a download of your brain at that point. Right?Nicole Farley: Oh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Give us that.  
00:29:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: We'd go away. We'll start working on the messaging. We'll start working on who the ICP needs to be, what the offer is, and so forth. We share that messaging with you, right? Make sure that that aligns with your brand guidelines, what you want the brand to be, what you want the company to be, and so forth. And then once you're happy, we'll put that into production. So, we'll give you the designs. Your designer would need to build that, right? And as soon as the web page is live, you know, we'd be ready to go with the with the ads.Nicole Farley: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: That's what it looks like.Nicole Farley: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You're looking at about a three to four week kind of lead time to the first advertisement campaign going live, but you know, it depends on how fast we move.Nicole Farley: Yep. Did you guys say you design the ads as well? You do like any graphics? Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I can do that.  
00:29:58
 Nicole Farley: Not a I'm not a good designer. I'm not a designer. Okay.Adnan Khan: We can we can help with that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: And um don't be worried if some of them go slightly off brand. I think your biggest value, Nicole, however, is the fact that you're willing to go on camera.Nicole Farley: Yep.Adnan Khan: We're fighting with a bunch of other people right now who are like, "Hey, can you just make five posts a month, please? Yeah.Nicole Farley: Oh, it took me like two years to get here. By the way, my husband's like, "You should record videos." my marketing uh manager, she just left a couple weeks ago. She's like, "You should record videos." And I'm like, "No, nobody cares." And then I did that one that I keep showing and you kept getting people. I was like, "Oh, sorry. YouAdnan Khan: Yeah.Nicole Farley: get it now." Yep.Adnan Khan: Yeah. Yeah. So I I think that alone like we we can help with like asset statics even like even if it comes to a point we have to give like like if I have to jump into a Figma get the layout right that's totally fine.  
00:30:47
 Adnan Khan: Whatever whatever we need to get do to get the funnel rolling. Um, I think the biggest value though is the fact that we can have you go on camera.Nicole Farley: Good. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicole Farley: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: So, I will send you that agreement as soon as you sign it. You know, we'll uh we'll schedule the next steps and go from there.Nicole Farley: Yeah, sounds good. Thank you. I don't think I have any questions right now, but if I if I think of any, I'll um send you all an email. But it's Friday, so I'll try not to bother you too much.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that is probably going to be five minutes because we have a problem.Adnan Khan: you'll you'll you'll you'll have a Slack. You can post whenever you want and even if it's a Saturday, someone will eventually get back to you. UmNicole Farley: Same. Yeah, I I have it on my phone. I have Yeah, I know. I can't just like leave a message on Red, but I'll be thinking about it. All right, guys. Thank you. I appreciate this. I'm I'm excited to get started. Um need to We need to get this rolling. Need to get some customers. Need to make some money. So, let's do it. Me, too.  
Transcription ended after 00:32:30

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
