---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Mike / Hassaan - roadmap – 2026/01/09 09:28 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:36:16.873Z
meeting_date: 2026-01-09T10:03:34.845Z
---


Mike / Hassaan - roadmap - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Thank you. MorningMike Newman: Hassan, good morning.Hassaan Ahmad: Mike. How areMike Newman: Oh, just a bit of a late school run this morning.Hassaan Ahmad: you?Mike Newman: Sorry, I'm a few minutes late. So, happy new year to you. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Happy new year to you as well.Mike Newman: how'sHassaan Ahmad: Uh,Mike Newman: things?Hassaan Ahmad: what's happening? Yeah, that's better. Good. How's the start of the new year been forMike Newman: Pretty good.Hassaan Ahmad: you?Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah, pretty good. We've got um quite an active uh set of opportunities from our like um a combination of existing customers that are looking to uh upsell and uh or we are looking to upsell too and uh and then some of these new leads coming in. Great. So yeah, brilliant. Well done. Yeah, really really pleased the the quality that especially the the there was a couple of couple of biggies that came in just uh just around Christmas time. So, um, yeah.  
00:08:38
 Mike Newman: So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Mike Newman: yep,Hassaan Ahmad: that was uh I was quite pleased with that, especially the ones Are you there?Mike Newman: it's good. All looking good so far. So, I think if we we just need to try and get, you know, if we can get some of these moved through the Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, you got stuck for a little bit,Mike Newman: sorry. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but I was saying I was quite pleased with the ones that came in the I think the week before Christmas or something like that.Mike Newman: Yeah, they were great.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Great. So, yep. Brilliant. Well done. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Many conversations with them yet or are they still in theMike Newman: Uh, hang on.Hassaan Ahmad: process?Mike Newman: Oh, no. But no, there's still they're still in the pro. I mean, the sales cycle for these bigger ones can be 6 9 12 monthsHassaan Ahmad: Of course, what I meant was,Mike Newman: basically.Hassaan Ahmad: have you had the discovery call and the first call with them  
00:09:14
 Mike Newman: But this Oh, we've had Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: yet?Mike Newman: we uh now have have we had the we had the discovery call with one of them. Um and I can't remember which one. And I I I think we had it with one of them. Anyway, I'd need to check with James where we're we're we're up to on it. But um uh but as far as I understand they're they are engaged and you know we'll get meetings set up. So um so yeah. So good. Yeah. I mean it's all Yeah, absolutely. If you can keep feeding us stuff like that then that's all good and uh and then it's on us to to get them uh converted.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Look,Mike Newman: So brilliant.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm really enjoying this partnership and I think we we struck a nerve there with government gateway like that was brilliant, right? So, we just want to keep milking that till that comes in and you know there's just so much opportunityMike Newman: Uhhuh.  
00:10:06
 Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: there, right? Although a lot of the companies that we targeted were the slow were the smaller ones but we had to do that anyway because the way the algorithm works is that it so I'm sure you know this but there's that auction that goes on right so it's it's a what you're bidding plus your content is right so you canMike Newman: Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: bid you can have the highest bid but if the algo thinks that they that your content is not relevant it's just not goingMike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: to give you the right the way you increase that relevancy is by getting the smaller butMike Newman: Yeah. Yep. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: relevant people in right so that the algo shows it to them they interact with it andMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: then that in in you know whatever the algorithms u weightage is just increases the weightage that okay this is relevant somebody who's in an accounting firm who's MDMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.  
00:10:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: or whatever I want to put more of that right and what thatMike Newman: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: allows us to do Mike I don't know if you've had a chance to notice but I'm going to share my screen with you becauseMike Newman: Yeah. Go for it. Yeah. I've not had time to dig into the analytics yet to be honest.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: So, um by allHassaan Ahmad: So,Mike Newman: meansHassaan Ahmad: I'm going to show you something which is the actual real reason why I'm really pleased with the way this is going. Um, give me one sec. Where is it? Where is it? Where is it? There it is. Have it. Not this one. Do it in the morning. Yeah. you're seeing this screen. You can see where I have LinkedIn up, right? Yeah, I think you're seeing this one. Okay.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Mike Newman: Yep.  
00:11:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: if you go to the campaign setup, you will notice that this is where you're selecting you're doing whatever you're doing. But at the bottom,Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: you select the bidding, right?Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: LinkedIn recommended that we bid 14.21.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: your competitors are bidding somewhere between 9.9 to 26.02 for the same click.Mike Newman: Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We're bidding seven those clicks,Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay. Great. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Mike Newman: Uh-huh. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's that's the real thing that we were targeting in this initial week because what we you might remember us talking about this in the beginning. What we really want to do is be at the higher end of this and train the algo that we're going to give it the money and then you know itMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: should give us the clicks.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: What we would much rather do is reduce the bid way down below itsMike Newman: Okay.  
00:12:35
 Mike Newman: Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: recommendation but increase the relevance way up so that we just you know weMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: just break the algo that way right that's working that'sMike Newman: Yep. Yep. Yep. Okay. Great.Hassaan Ahmad: really really good for us and what that has allowed us to do is give us a cost per lead at that level so you'reMike Newman: Ruin.Hassaan Ahmad: getting CXOs only you're not getting anyone below that level right you're getting them for 160Mike Newman: Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: pounds a pop Brilliant.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Now you have your unit economics.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Now you know that okay if I'm getting one meeting for 160 and we're right now bidding 40 per day,Mike Newman: Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: right? So that means that you should realistically expect one to two a week isMike Newman: Yep. Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: right. You've got your what it costs me to get the meeting. You've got your quality gates set right up right.  
00:13:23
 Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And now the question is okay where do we go from there?Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If you're happy with the volume, great. Keep it there if you want.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And if the budget allows, we could open the tabs up as well, right? Increase the budgetMike Newman: Yeah. I'm I'm up for doing a gradual increase.Hassaan Ahmad: gradually.Mike Newman: So if what what what's it cost? So just in terms of the so the spend over the month has been again I've not looked at the the detail on it uh yetHassaan Ahmad: Thank you.Mike Newman: butHassaan Ahmad: Uh so the spend so far we started this start of December I think the 9 toMike Newman: Uhhuh. Yeah. So 1200.Hassaan Ahmad: something 139 um so farMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: spent.Mike Newman: Okay. So why don't we what if we were to increase it by say 50% for thisHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Mhm. Yeah. I think that could work.  
00:14:12
 Mike Newman: month.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that's a very realistic thing to do as well because again we don't want to double the spend again.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I know as a as a seller and as a business owner I want as many leads in as pos as fast as possible.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm not about to give all my money to LinkedIn, right?Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Much rather starve it till it, you know, till it absolutely breaks and then increase it. So let's gradually increase the budget,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? ask the guys to turn it up to I think if you're going toMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: go,500.Mike Newman: Because I think we were at about a thousand a month. So if we were to make it 1,500,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah, I think that should be okay,Mike Newman: would that work?Hassaan Ahmad: right?Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um not making any promises because typically what happens is as you start opening the tabs a little bit,Mike Newman: Yeah.  
00:15:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: the algorith starts getting greedy.Mike Newman: Okay. Right. Okay. Yeah, fairHassaan Ahmad: Um so you've gota you've got to manage it.Mike Newman: enough.Hassaan Ahmad: But hey, I'm really pleased with what has happened so far.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Brilliant. Yeah. Do doing a great job. Yep. Love it. So, um yeah, really really pleased with the outcome so far and as I said, it's now a lot of this is now over to us.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Well,Mike Newman: So,Hassaan Ahmad: so that's good. Um, now there's a bunch of things that we can do as we're increasing the spend, right? So, first thing is we just increase the daily budget, right? Hopefully that starts bringing more leads in. So you go from one or two a week to two to two and a half, maybe three a week. That's something that we can target. That would still be targeting the same list of the 3,000 or so companies that we had identified.  
00:15:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right. So it's everybody over um what is it 11 employees and above. Now I know initially when you and I spoke you wanted to target the bigger ones only, right?Mike Newman: Yeah, I think yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: That's nice.Mike Newman: James and I were just reviewing that and we thought, look, there's about two leads that have come in, two of the recent ones that have come in in the last week that are smaller firms. Now, we don't know if they'll convert yet. And the the the thing with smaller firms is they don't necessarily have the IT infrastructure in terms of people and team to deploy and support an enterprise type solution like ours. However, that's not to say,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: you know, we have got a sort of web, you know, uh web centric version of the product that doesn't require much installation.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry.Mike Newman: Uh so, so we might be able to cater for that market, that smaller market. We, you know, we wouldn't want to go any less than 10. But we were thinking that even at even at you know that smaller end of the spectrum we we were just looking at it and thinking okay well we we can price we can create a product that has price bandings that  
00:17:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Mike Newman: say let's say if you're you know if you are a 15 employee firm you'll fit into you know you you'll pay for a service that gives you the capacity for up to 25 users say so it's almost like blocked you know it's like so up to you know up to 25 users that's it and if you whether you get 10, 15 or 20, you just pay for the the block that gives you up to 25. And that means that we're also not getting drawn into the ongoing operationalHassaan Ahmad: Of course. Yes.Mike Newman: administration of when they say, "Oh, well, we've gone from 15 to 16 employees now or whatever, you know, just so they just buy a block." And then we're also creating a price tariff for the sort of 26 to 49 bracket of users. We think by having maybe two two or max three umHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: product you know pricing tariffs that cater for that end of the market it will keep itHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Newman: relatively simple for us and um you know in theory would give us the opportunity to to go and convert some of these uh these smaller accounts because if we racked up you know if we were to continue racking up even you know a handful of them every month it wouldn't be you know that wouldn't be a bad  
00:18:27
 Mike Newman: place to be and then parallel Well, you know, we've got our focus on the bigger kind of um um medium and large enterprises as we as we currentlyHassaan Ahmad: 100%. I think the way I see this playing is as you've described,Mike Newman: do.Hassaan Ahmad: you capture the lower end of the market through either a very simple, very structured almost productized sales approach, right? where it's like this there's this this step this is a process we're not going to step away from itMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right it's almost a take it or leave it proposition where your pro product is so strong that most people take itMike Newman: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: right if the or the CFO or the CTO of top 40 companies coming in man you know you've gotMike Newman: exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: them right and then you just um you give them a pricing that makes senseMike Newman: You've got Exactly. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: for them you take it you you know keep it rolling you could almost IMike Newman: Mhm.  
00:19:16
 Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: think If the volume justifies it, make it a selfs serve motionMike Newman: Yeah. I think so. We we've got quite a bit of work productwise.Hassaan Ahmad: whereMike Newman: we would have quite a lot to do to enable it to be because you know so there's there's a lot of product development for us to make it self-s serve and we we don't have the bandwidth for that now but that's always been on the agenda is that we want you know we want to move it to we used to have a self-s served version of our SMB product um and then we kind of moved away from that as we got into enterprise and um because we had bigger there was more more important issues we had or features we had to uh deliver for the enterprise market. But yeah, I definitely you know as we sort of circle back to to this starting to think about self-s serve capability in the product is is you know is coming more to the four it we it will actually tie in quite nicely with we have got a full design and UI refresh going on just now.  
00:20:19
 Mike Newman: So we're we're just getting towards the final stages of that. So we've done all the upfront work and we're going, you know, the development's happening, redevelopment's happening. Now that will actually make it a lot more intuitive to use once you'reHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Newman: in and will therefore align with the whole self-s serveHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: proposition.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. I think there's a lot of mileage in being able to claim thatMike Newman: SoHassaan Ahmad: 60% or 80% of UK accounting sector uses my one login. Like once you getMike Newman: well well do you know I mean we're actually at a stage now where we have got something like I was looking at this ifHassaan Ahmad: toMike Newman: you so that if you take out the big four out the equation then you know of the top 20 or 25 account you know of theHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Mike Newman: the guess UK accountancy firms we've got something like 25% of them roughly do you know what I mean so that and so just thinking about it that way and again I don't  
00:21:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Mike Newman: know we're probably not market we we probably you know we've done nothing to shout about that so I again I don't know whe you know I'm just plant that seed with with you as to whether you think there's any mileage in in that but um more and more of the bigger firm you know we've now got we've got SNW we've got assets. We've got um uh Johnson Carmichael. We've got AAB um and uh there's probably some other ones in there, but that that's roughly that is already about something like something about a quarter of the topHassaan Ahmad: very very strong roster.Mike Newman: 25 firms really.Hassaan Ahmad: We have actually talked about it.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So when I discussed the retargeting thing with you, the way we want to retarget it uh is ex exactly by that right. We take a P PWC case study right and we start putting that in front of the biggest firms just to create that you know FOMO fear of missing out hey is doing itMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.  
00:22:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: PKF is doing it you know NB is doing it like aren't we doing it right or should think aboutMike Newman: Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: it so that's something that we could also do right I'll discuss this with the team and see you know how we want to useMike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: the additional budget and see what would give us the most bang for the buck um Yeah. Sorry.Mike Newman: The other the Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: You wereMike Newman: just the other thing that James observed is that in a lot of these um small the two smallHassaan Ahmad: sayingMike Newman: the two smaller firms specifically the the biggest issue for them was more the one time pass onetime codes and onetime passwords you know it was he just you know I was just you know usually does a bit of questioning around their you know what was it that got their and both on both occasions it was the one time codes and one time passwords because they'd said that they did problems where there was another partner that had all the codes and then  
00:23:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: you know in a small firm this other partner's off playing golf all day or whatever and on the golf course and so when they're trying to get into government gateway or other systems where the codes are going to his phone they can't get a hold of him and then the time he responds the codes expired you know so um so thatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: the so just that's another thing that we've picked out from the small but this I think this is only for smaller firms It seems to be that onetime passwords and onetime codes seems to be quite a hookHassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Yeah.Mike Newman: forHassaan Ahmad: Um, some of the ads that we've put for you out there are the best performingMike Newman: them.Hassaan Ahmad: ads in our experience.Mike Newman: Okay. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Mike Newman: Good. Good.Hassaan Ahmad: there's one is that is performing at three times the averageMike Newman: Right. So, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: performance.Mike Newman: Just remind me again. Let's Can we have a quick look at the analytics on the ads then?  
00:24:04
 Mike Newman: I'd just be quite interested as to what's what's working. Again, as I said, I've not dug into it, so it would be helpful just to see.Hassaan Ahmad: And that just means we've done a good job and you're happy enough.Mike Newman: So,Hassaan Ahmad: Do not look under the hood and see what's going on.Mike Newman: exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: So, let me move this out of the way.Mike Newman: exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: So, these were the I think five ads that we went out went out with. What are we looking at? Is this the CTR?Mike Newman: Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Yeah, this one's dropped a bit. So, this one was at 1.5.Mike Newman: Okay. Wow. Okay. That's pretty. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: average CTR as you know like a good CTR is 0.5 this one was atMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: 1.5 which is crazy and so it's no doubt that you've got like three conversions from thatMike Newman: Okay.  
00:24:42
 Mike Newman: Yep. Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: alone so that was 1.5 I think it has dropped a bit because whateverMike Newman: Brilliant.Hassaan Ahmad: um this week and then Christmas has come into play as well so then we have the one timeMike Newman: Great.Hassaan Ahmad: codes one are the other two best performance the next performance so this is where the smallerMike Newman: Okay. Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: ones would have come through so this one. Can I go edit? I think I can go edit. Yeah. So, this one is, does your team share government gateway password? So, this is the one that gave you another I think one or two conversions.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And again, it's just so simple, right?Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But it just goes into that pane, which is exactly what we wanted to do.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Then we have umMike Newman: Just just one thing. See where we say4 pound I just not see where we say4 pounds per accountant.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:25:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: One of the things when we say about per accountant, it's it's it's quite often not necessarily the accountants themselves that are doing quite often they'll have teams of administrators that administer things in government gateway on their behalf.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: So I'm just just think again I maybe just didn't pick that up before but it's just worth bearing in mind that is quite often you know you you they'll they'll employ teams of lower you know lower paid uh administrators to actually do the churn work the leg work on government gateway but then you know but it's the the accountants are you know would perceive themselves often more as the kind of strategists and advisers of guidance of how youHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: do you know and how to get the but the actual filing some of it is some of it is accountants but quite often it can be administrators basically um so anyway I don't know what you think about just sticking with that or just whether to whether it's worthHassaan Ahmad: So, my approach is mostly I I think that's a really good point.  
00:26:33
 Mike Newman: umHassaan Ahmad: My approach is don't fix something that's not broking and you know when it says four per accountantMike Newman: it's not broken okay fair enough Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: okay person wouldn't remember when you recall this statement in your headMike Newman: Uh-huh. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: wouldn't rec accountant you would just it cost me four pounds holy why am I not doingMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: it for my Starbucks coffee youMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Exact. And I suppose the other thing is when you're thinking per accountant, per accountant, you're thinking compared to the high salary they're getting paid anyway, that's nothing. You know, it's it's marginal. It's okay. Right. Okay. Fair enough.Hassaan Ahmad: So that's the logic.Mike Newman: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: The other one is a is a version of that which is this one.Mike Newman: good.Hassaan Ahmad: I think this one's performing at 0.79 CTR.  
00:27:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: Again, like I'm really pleased with how these ads are performing.Mike Newman: Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: So I'm justMike Newman: Yeah, it's it's brilliant, Hassan. Yeah, you you and the team are doing a brilliant job. So, yeah, really really pleased so far. It's uh shaping up really well.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, the other one's uh I mean this one's okay.Mike Newman: Brilliant.Hassaan Ahmad: We thought about switching it off, but the reason why we haven't is because people are just spending time on it. You know, people are looking at your ad for like five seconds. Great. Stops on their LinkedIn for five seconds.Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, look, these are going well. What we would do is um I would have a discussion with the team and I would ask them ifMike Newman: Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: we have so now that we have another 500 pounds how do we maximize the return on investment of that um the two two things that come to our mind is either we increase the budget on this  
00:28:04
 Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: one so that it starts delivering you more leads or we do the retargeting so that you know you don't see the impact on the quantity ofMike Newman: caught it.Hassaan Ahmad: leads quality 30 rack subsMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But it's people that have been Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: because that would do is so right now if I go to the okay this is theMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: engagement delivery if you look at these ads right now people are seeing them where is it engagement This is somewhere here. Not here that it shows how the number of time people have seen it. Indeed. I think it is here. I think I messed up.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: It doesn't matter. But anyways, it it shows how many times what's the frequency of people get Oh,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: okay. Fine. What time last 30 days update that should Okay,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: so now you can see people have seen this for like you know a lot of people have seen it three times,  
00:29:29
 Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So now if you want to push the people to act, push the ones in the bigger companies to act, we've got to show them something else, right? So that would require setting up a new campaign, maybe some new assets. We'll take some um case studies or whatever, some proof points again and we'll start hitting them with something else. So that that then increases their awareness of your product solution,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: hopefully moves them along the journey of more action.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: again.Mike Newman: Interesting. Interesting.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry.Mike Newman: So the reach there three 3,000 that So we're saying that's only 3,000 individuals that have been have seen it.Hassaan Ahmad: So we are barely scratching theMike Newman: That's what I was going to say.Hassaan Ahmad: surfaceMike Newman: It doesn't seem like much of the, you know, of the a of the audience because in total, what was the audience in this campaign in total roughly?Hassaan Ahmad: about let's go  
00:30:22
 Mike Newman: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: back. Come on. You can tell that I don't do this much often.Mike Newman: no, it's all right. It's okay. It's fine. So I know in LinkedIn I find LinkedIn a nightmare to navigate through the the ads manager.Hassaan Ahmad: I like what we do with the do with the plumbing. Yeah, weMike Newman: It's 12,000 and even 12,000 doesn'tHassaan Ahmad: barelyMike Newman: seem like a lot because if I think about the size of you know if I take one of our customers assets they're 4 and a half thousand employees in theHassaan Ahmad: Oh,Mike Newman: UK.Hassaan Ahmad: so we don't really care about how many employees they have. What I care about is um who I'm targeting. So,Mike Newman: Yeah. And I'm just I know.Hassaan Ahmad: we'reMike Newman: I'm just wondering if we're I wonder if we're miss No. Okay. Do you think we should stick stick with this level? We probably should,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Mike Newman: shouldn'tHassaan Ahmad: I mean, yeah, you could show the ad to every accountant in those companies,  
00:31:18
 Mike Newman: we?Hassaan Ahmad: right? Or low-level people and so forth. The impact of that is going to be No,Mike Newman: I know that cost per click's going to Yeah. skyrocket, but Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean for me the cost doesn't matter either.Mike Newman: Right. No.Hassaan Ahmad: Like I want my reps to be busy with the right things. Yeah. If I were you,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I would probably not want James to be in conversations with an accountantMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: orMike Newman: Okay. Okay. Let's Okay. Let's stick with it. It just just seemed to me it doesn't doesn't sound like a hu I mean in anyway, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: But that's 12,000 execs at 3,000 UK companies.Mike Newman: the fact that Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So roughly four exec per company,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Mike Newman: Okay. Yeah. That's okay. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And that is why the only meetings that you're getting are with execs, right?  
00:32:05
 Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't know you know what your previous efforts would have yielded,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: but in my previous jobs, I would have killed it to get only meetings withMike Newman: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: CES.Mike Newman: Okay. Right. Okay. Brilliant. Cool. Okay. Right. Anything else? I'm just I've got a 10:00 so I'm running a bit late for butHassaan Ahmad: I have one idea. I'll slack it to you.Mike Newman: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That one requires a bit more thinking, but I want to play and I want I want you to think very hard about this.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Maybe discuss this with the board and so forth. I think Trump is giving us a gift in terms of his threats to Greenland and Europe andMike Newman: Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: so forth.Mike Newman: Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: And we can play that very very hard and play the sovereigntyMike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: angle and the data protection angle hard for for Europe with something very  
00:32:50
 Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: simple like hey your keys are currently in the hands of the US or something.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We don't have them out but your keys live with them. It doesn't matter where your data is.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It might be on a server in Ireland for all they care but because they have your keys what's stopping them from accessing it right.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So you can your by using liveMike Newman: Okay. Okay. Okay. Let's uh Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: login.Mike Newman: Well, let's let's revisit that. Do you want to put do you want to put in some time get some time maybe early next week or something just to have a kind of things happening through?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: I'll have a think about it in the interim as well. We have used similar before again and again but I think as things are different now and I think it's you know you know macroe events have as you say have are potentially influencing these things a bit more. So yeah, let's let's pick that one up next week. I'm definitely open to it. Let's let's have a discussion um next week on it.Hassaan Ahmad: When wasMike Newman: Um uh I could do Monday morning at half 9 or or 11:30. Yeah.  
Transcription ended after 00:34:28

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
