---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Nicholas Clarkson  – 2025/07/11 10:57 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:39:21.333Z
meeting_date: 2025-07-11T10:40:11.328Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Nicholas Clarkson  - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: I hope it shows up, man. Embarrassing. Every single time I call you to a meeting, the person doesn't show up.Muhammad Shaban: Are you saying I'm the problem? Like, are you saying I'm the problem?Hassaan Ahmad: No, I'm just saying this needs to get better. Unless you're jinxing my meetings.Muhammad Shaban: Hey man, I'm just the SDRHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Very interestingly, we're getting really good traction from the US. Like the US people, they show up, they are they're nice and they're very forthcoming. The problems are real, the business is big. None of the UK meetings have taken place so far. Although people are like, "Yeah, we're busy. We'll come back to you." Blah, blah, blah. So, I'm learning I'm I'm I'm learning the differences between the UK and the US in this space. It's very interesting.Muhammad Shaban: I mean we could pivot ramier for us if creative score goes well.Hassaan Ahmad: GazitMuhammad Shaban: Manica, we could pivot to Remedier in the US after creative score if it does go well in  
00:01:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Muhammad Shaban: terms of outbound.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, man. If you if you learn the talk track and if you can do it, then yeah, I find remote to be a really exciting product to sell because it's not always that people get that excited when you tell them. Like literally every single conversation that I've had, people are just they like the idea, they like the execution. More often than not, the problem is the funding side because it is expensive. Um, yeah. Come on, Mr. Clarkson. It's been 2 minutes. Are you good for the 5:00 p.m. call later today?Muhammad Shaban: Uh, that's going to be a little iffy, may I? I'm just going to ask becauseNicholas Clarkson: Hey guys, how we doing?Hassaan Ahmad: Hi Nick, how are you?Nicholas Clarkson: Good. Sorry, it's just running over on my call.Hassaan Ahmad: No, no worries. I find that that's often the case when you're back to back in Zoom and then it's the domino effect. One call gets late and then the other the other and so forth.  
00:03:42
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Where?Nicholas Clarkson: nice nice to meet you both.Hassaan Ahmad: Great to meet you as well. Where you based, Nick? And byNicholas Clarkson: UhHassaan Ahmad: the way, is it okay if I call you Nick?Nicholas Clarkson: yeah, of course. Of course.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um I'm in Fulham in West London.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. I'mNicholas Clarkson: Where aboutHassaan Ahmad: uhNicholas Clarkson: you guys?Hassaan Ahmad: so I'm in Witch um east. We should Well, if you speak another time, we should probably do that in person. It's aNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: beautiful,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: beautiful weather to be going up.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Yeah. For sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Great.Nicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: So, Nick, thank you for booking the time. Right.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll I'll do a quick round of intros um on our side and then would love to learn a bit more about you, but are you okay for the 30 minutes that we set up initially?  
00:04:27
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Cool.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I mean, I I just jump in at the beginning cuz I I saw your ad and then I Yeah, it was an ad now. I I don't but I looked at your website and you design is great and everything, right? But your messaging was absolutely completely on point. I mean, it was like you got inside my head. Um, and that's probably one of the best examples of, you know, well, we've been talking about this with our product, which is like stop selling features. You've got to get in. It's the psychological effect, right? It's like, is this you? Does is this your dayto-day experience? And I I think you nailed that for perfectly. So just in terms of a piece of feedback, um it'sHassaan Ahmad: ThankNicholas Clarkson: reallyHassaan Ahmad: you.Nicholas Clarkson: well done.Hassaan Ahmad: Thank you so much, Nick. And it's interesting. So Shabban's STR in my teamNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.  
00:05:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: and I wanted him on the call because obviously we're training him up and uh we just want him to to learn the craft as well. So ShabbanNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and I were looking at your website and literally the first bit of feedback that we picked was it's just too feature heavy. It's talking a lot about the features.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So well good that there is that alignment.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so really quickly like I run sales at Primote here, right? I've been doing sales for about 15 yearsNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and have sold anything and everything under the sun from pharmaceutical products to data advisory risk models with Moody's KYC solutions to baby goods to now planning software SAS AINicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: etc etc.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Shavans and SGI and our team and together what we do is we build the end to end revenue infrastructure for companies right for very early stage companies is everything from messaging so actually your ICP definition to your messaging to all the way to execution  
00:06:35
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: more mature companies it's one or two of the other thingsNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: but we've got the skill set and we do it all so that's usNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: saw your profile really impressive profile and you know it's it's great I could see the names that I've worked with the past rugby fresh fieldsNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: um so keen to learn about you your experience how you started feasible and where where you're seeing some challenges which you feel we might be able to comeNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: in and help withNicholas Clarkson: Yes. So I did um accounting, corporate treasury um both in sort of the listed corporate space. I was quite young in senior treasury role. I was running a the UK operation which is 100 or so companies and that was in the financial crisis. So like it was a a very good time to sort of learn a craft. Um and we had I call it sort of treasury excellence. So, you know, local, regional, corporate, treasuries, in-house banks, lots of governance, socks, compliance, um, and treasury like, yeah, I mean, accounting is, you know, it's it's useful, but it's it's quite a siloed area.  
00:07:48
 Nicholas Clarkson: Treasury is not in the sense you're dealing with tax, legal, boards, um, banks, auditors, etc. So, you kind of M&A teams, insurance. So you know along that sort of 15 20 year journey I was constantly learning from all these other functional areas and I for me it's like sort of um it's probably why I did a startup I like the strategy and ideation of things and um I was always starting with a corporate structure chart of entities right and I always love mind mapping tools but they're sort of unstructured they don't connect to anything. So yeah, I had this idea. I was always looking at a group structure. It was just static data and the idea was to bind that to a a database and then you could use it as a strategic asset for the group cross functionally um to have all the legal entity data, all the governance data, the directors, the shareholders, your documents um an AI model um all your events because there's hundreds and thousands of events across complex groups and they could be for anyone any function.  
00:09:02
 Nicholas Clarkson: ction, but on top of that, so it's kind of that's the sort of the traditional governance piece, but through a visual lens of aHassaan Ahmad: Oh,Nicholas Clarkson: um an interactive structure chart, but we also have this other layer, which is more for finance teams, which is well, there's a load of companies, here's how they connect, but also the relationships between them. So, which ones are lending to each other? Um, which ones are guaranteeing each other? Which ones have bank loans and covenants? And do they have pledge security? Are they in insurance group? So, it's kind of I call that like the group structuring layer. It's like sure, here's the chart, but actually the piece on top, which is like the true picture of your organization. So, um, yeah, we're trying to be that truly crossf functional tool, which is a I mean a potential red flag in itself because who's the buyer? That's one of our one of our challenges. Um but our philosophy on on design on the product itself is  
00:10:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry.Nicholas Clarkson: you know I use tools like Figma, Air Table, Notion, Lucid Chart, Framer like these brilliant brilliant new freelancer tools. Corporate software is generally horrible. But so it's putting those principles in which is like corporate software that should be super intuitive, use user friendly, you can do actions within two clicks rather than 20. Uh and you know really thinking about that end user experience, a good design philosophy that I care about that maybe not everyone does, but I think taking that approach wins wins the day in the end. And it's the reason I do it to be honest. I love building really nice software. I actually don't respect badl looking software. I just stop using it. Um and yeah, so I'm probably a bit of a creative trapped in an accountant's body. And this is me letting loose um on on that idea. And we've got you've got loads of great backers. We've raised we we raised about a million and a half to date. um we spent twothirds of that, but we're in a good space.  
00:11:16
 Nicholas Clarkson: We've got customers, but it's the repetition of the sales cycle which is killing my soul. Um and you know, the outbound stuff is it's really network selling that's working. The co cold email just seems to be a waste of time. probably because what we're saying, but even LinkedIn is just everyone's selling to everyone and you can personalize messages, but that's time consuming. Um, so yeah, I I the messaging is everything. I know our our website has improved. I know it's not quite there. You know, it looks great, but still got to hit home harder. Um, and yeah, all of our outbound stuff really needs to get inside people's heads like your website did. I want people to go, they're talking to me. I want to chat and be that that one that people don't ignore. Um, soHassaan Ahmad: makesNicholas Clarkson: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: sense.Nicholas Clarkson: we're yeah, we're still learning that the hard way. We're getting better, but we're not we're not haven't nailed it by any means.  
00:12:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: appreciate you sharing that. And that's that's literally what every other founder that I speak with says as well, right? So the runway is running out, the burn rate's too high.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The traction, some traction is there, but it manifests itself in either too many closed deals, so your conversions really low because the messaging's not hitting, or the sales cycles are too long because your champions don't know internally how they're selling, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And then thirdly, who's the buyer, right? So if the ICP is not defined initially, then you can't really zero in on the metrics that they're using to build their business case, how they're justifying the spend internally. What kind of ROI they're going to look for and so forth.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, look, I've done that in my sales career plenty of times and I came across that again and again. So like you, I was like, dude, there needs to be a better solution.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And uh, there wasn't one, so I decided to build it.  
00:13:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, you've touched on a couple of things there which I'd love to drill deeper on, but before we go in in in there, Nick, I saw that you've hired a new chief commercial officer recentlyNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and looks like you've got a robust partnerships model as well. How's how's that working? And has the new chief commercial officer changed the direction a little bit or any taken any steps to improve any of these things?Nicholas Clarkson: Um, so he's part-time. He's 15 hours a week and I wouldn't call him a true CCO. He's, you know, he's great on HubSpot. He knows about LinkedIn, uh, voicing. You know, the there's a piece there which is around gluing the tech stack together, right? And I think this is where a lot of people don't realize it's the sales engine is sales, marketing, and tech all glued together, right? Uh, and he's good on that. He's great relationship builder. Um, but we're not he hasn't been able to bring in enough leads. So, we're doing it through our our partners and our investor network who are, you know, that is effective.  
00:14:40
 Nicholas Clarkson: We're getting good conversations there. Um so and we we tend to close quite well when we get when people see the product we do pretty well. Um but it's the sort of top of funnel stuff. We just want more conversations. We we need more bandwidth to have calls because I I'm a soul founder. I am uh that's why your website hit home because I'm like I'm dying inside here. I'm I'm all over the product, all in sales, talking to investors, all the operational stuff. I do have a team, but I I can't remove myself from anything at the moment. AndHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: this the bit that I don't enjoy is just feeling completely overwhelmed. So, umHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. You're you're the subject matter expert, right?Nicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And you needNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: to be in the conversations.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, how many customers do you have and what's what's the revenue that you're current currently?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh so yeah, we turned the commercial model on in December.  
00:15:43
 Nicholas Clarkson: We've done one one thing we learned is sort of get get early deals. So early deals for logo, social proof. Um so that's about 40k ARR. SoHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: we're still early. Uh they're small they're most of them are smaller groups. We do have one pretty good size um corporate client which is using it across tax, legal, treasury. Um and we've got some really good live conversation with US prospects which are they they're in another bracket. So they're sort of rather than 20 30 50 companies, they're 400 and they're telling us they're small. Um this is where our business model our business model lends itself. Once we land bigger clients, our our business model works perfectly. And then we even pitched to an enterprise client had 12,000 entities. So we we have the opportunity of a single contract at um a million a year and advisory firms. But that's so we we're building probably towards our ICP which are the true gatekeepers, fund administrators, top top advisory firms, enterprise clients.  
00:16:56
 Nicholas Clarkson: But we need to just land more logos right nowHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: where they have high high pain point and we I think we've learned that it's sort of the real estate it's called the REIT space real estate investment trust they have in the US they call themselves small but they're massive to Europe and uh that's kind of high pain uh have a need have budget um and it sort of doesn't matter too who we talk to normally we've got a captive audience. So that's maybe telling me that the sectorbased approach is is effective cuz we we could we could sell in via a treasurer via a general coun general council is probably the best point company secretary but then you could go through CFO head of M&A tax a partner and it's like Jesus we could we could be having seven different types of messaging across multiple different types of sectors and it's Yeah, that's our heads are spinning around and that's back to the homepage precisely. What do you say on a homepage when it's for a broad audience?  
00:18:10
 Nicholas Clarkson: Your your yours is easy in the sense because you're you're wanting to talk to me, right? And you're you just have one message to address to me. We're trying to do a message which is addressed to all of them that thatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: resonates. UmHassaan Ahmad: And and that's never going to work, Nick, because like you say, a treasurer doesn't care about the same things as the general council does, right? So,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: one is really focused on governance and compliance and the others the second cares about getting results faster. So, they're in a better position to talk to their funders, to their funding partners, to the investors and so forth, completelyNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: different things, right? The the solution to that problem is multiple landing pages, right? So you have a landing page for treasurer which speaks to the treasur persona, landing page for general counsel, landing page for CFO with the right messaging that one makes them feel like you're talking to them andNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.  
00:18:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: two it gives them the right ammo to go back and internally start that conversation, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm sure you've been in buying roles when you were in corporate, right? AndNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: if you if you think about those conversations and you're like, "Hey, there's this new tool I want to look at." The first question that you get asked is what's it going to do for you, right? What's it going to do for us? Second is is that a real problem we want to solve right now? So, let's prioritize this. And three, what's the ROI? If you arm them with the right messaging in the very initial stages, they can go to their oneto ones with their managers or they could go to their finance leadership team meetings and whatever and they could be like, "Hey, by the way, this is a problem. I've seen this great tool. If I've got the blessing, can I look at it? Right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Yeah.  
00:19:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's that's the first problem that we're going to solve. Um, so multiple landing pages, messaging tailored to each persona.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And our process is that we do this in three phases. Yeah. Would it would it be helpful if I shared? Yeah. So, our first phase is we call it the learning or the foundation phase, right? In that phase for a company like yours who already have interested parties who have customers who are paying you and so forth we start by learning those customers really well right so in the form of interviews it's in the form of what they're saying we could sit in a couple of callsNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: sit with your investors whoever you think is going to be a good source of informationNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: what we do is we try to understand exactly what problem they were trying to solve what outcomes they've seen rightNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and what's the before and after for them.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: That helps us zero in on the messaging for that specific persona.  
00:20:50
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: But anybody can do interviews. What that lends itself to is then a design problem, right? So how do you design a landing page which is easily easily scannable, right? Because most people are going to come across that on their mobiles, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Give it give it 3 seconds or less to either go to the next thing or not. So, it's how do you solve that design problem that stops them in their track,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: gets them to the CTA that you want them to to do, right? And it's saying the right things, structure it in the right way, that gets them excited enough to hit that book a call button or see a demo button and so forth.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, that's the foundation phase. So, we learn the customers, we come up with the messaging and we come up with the offer. Once those things are there, then we come to what we call the validation phase. The validation phase is when we test it in real market, right?  
00:21:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: In our experience, what works really well is putting some money in it and testing it through LinkedIn ads.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we put our own money. So, whatever we make from you, we'd invest a part of that back into testing and validating that offer.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: It gives us two things. The first thing it tells us which of our offers are working well, right? So for each persona, there's going to be three different kinds of messagings, three different kinds of offer. One of them is going to perform really well. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So we identify that and we understand what that cost is, right? So which offer is performing and at what cost is it getting us meetings and what is the cost throughout the funnel? So what what does it take for us to get somebody to click on it? how many drop offs we have, what's the cost, um, is that consistent, what's the cost per meeting, what's the cost per conversion, and so forth.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.  
00:22:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: That data then helps us go back to our clients, in this case you, and say, "Hey, Nick, it cost you $300 to get a paying customer that gives you 10 grand AR." Now, if you spend $3,000, you can expect 300,000 MR or AR R or something like that.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: All of our customers then take that data back to their investors and say, "Hey, I've validated this. This is the real time, real life data, right? I need to raise this much in order to run this campaign, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: That makes that conversation really easy because investors are like, well, give me a predictable predictable ROI." Right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Number two, since you've got a little bit of runway left, you can prioritize on how you spend that budget. So you could allocate five grand a month or 10 grand a month to running those campaigns and you can consistently start seeing those results.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So that's the validation phase where we'veNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: validated that whatever work you've done works in real life.  
00:23:48
 Hassaan Ahmad: And thenNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: the third is execution and acceleration where in your case we would put a seller, right? somebody experienced, somebody who knows the talk track, somebody who we've trained like we're training Shabban, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Who can conduct effective discovery calls, who can qualify the pain, can qualify the opportunity, and depending on how much money we spend and what caliber of person we get either bring you into hyperqualified conversations so you can do the sales or carry the process themselves. Right? Obviously the former costs less the work requires a different skill set more experienceNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: but that's the entire entire funnel and the entire process that we run. Going to take a pause here and u get your thoughts on that. How does that sound?Nicholas Clarkson: No, I mean that that makes makes all the sense in the world. And we we have go to market experts, but there's your approach is is kind of sort of a forensic approach, right? Let's get let's get the information from the clients and you know the landing pages and the fact that your website even said that I I like the approach.  
00:24:58
 Nicholas Clarkson: you know there's a marketing lens through which you're looking at this but the marketing based on what people have actually said right umHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: in terms of like yeah because we have a bit of we have a bandwidth issue on being able to I mean if we had 10 requests next week we' we'd probably struggle to resource them so additional sales resource but and they don't need to be experts but needs to be um you know uh the ability to de demonstrate and maybe move it to a technical deep dive, right? And so I'm kind of interested to know like your like your structure, your your team who's available. I I mean maybe you guys are early stage as well, right? And I have no problem backing early businesses to be honest. I you know I quite like backing people that are in the same boat as me. I I have no problem with that. UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, I appreciate you saying that. So in terms of people who can sell a treasury product to somebody to the level of a group treasurer at a large multi- you know decillion dollar business that doesn't exist right for but that's a skill set that can be learned right and the way we typically do it because we support a range of businesses the way we typically do it is in the validation phase when we are getting those meetings in right so when we're  
00:26:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: spending the money and we start getting those meetings and we would still lean back on you toNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: support the initial three to four to maybe 10 demos depending on the complexityNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: of the product. Our commitment to you is that they will be hyperqualified before they come to you. So you wouldn't be spending six hours a day into meetings that weren't going to go anywhere, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We would qualify them. We make sure they have a need, they fit the criteria, they have the budget, etc., etc.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And only when we are convinced that it's the right profile, we'll send them to you if you say that that's a meeting you want to take. We'll bring you in. We'll record those meetings and the person will shadow you. So the salesperson and more often than not myself, we're in those meetings as well. We shadow you. We learn what the questions people are asking, what answers you give, what pains are there, and how the product works.  
00:27:21
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Demoing the product is the easy bit. It's the convincing people to buy. That'sNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the bit. Um so that's the that's the stuff that we would learn and then we will phase you out and just give more and more to the person. So there is no immediate fix to your bandwidth problem, right? But there is a medium-term fix which you can expect in about two to three months and we'll do that through quality and just hands-on trading.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. All right. I feel like this is a conversation that needs to continue. We're probably not going to cover it all in half an hour, but um I'm I'm happy to, you know, if there's another call or you want to meet face to face and get a bit more time, um I'm I'm interested to keep talking for sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah, let's let's meet face to face. I mean, we're both in the same city, so why not? We could do something next week.  
00:28:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: that works for you.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: How's Thursday? I'm looking at my calendar. Um, actually calendar.Nicholas Clarkson: It's literally my last week, so I'm struggling.Hassaan Ahmad: YouNicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: got holiday somewhere.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah. Yeah, I'm uh I'm sort of You probably see it in my face. I've I'm I've just run on empty for too long. Um, so I I'm ready to switch off for a bit, but I don't want to I don't want to not have the conversation at the expense of it having to be um in person. So I we could easily just check in early next week and figure it out. Maybe there's a window. Um, Will is not that close toHassaan Ahmad: I INicholas Clarkson: umHassaan Ahmad: was going to come to you. Um, but we could do Tuesday remote if you want to.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. UmHassaan Ahmad: 3 p.m. Does that work for you?Nicholas Clarkson: uh have you got anything earlier?  
00:29:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: I could do 100 p.m.Nicholas Clarkson: Uh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: How much earlier are we talking?Nicholas Clarkson: No, 1:00's all right. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Cool. I'llNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: put that in. Uh, do you want to do this remote?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Let's let's do it do it remote and um maybe something later in the week. um pops up like if you're if you're able to move move this way um I'm conscious you jumping on train is also opportunity cost of talking to other clients I do that remotely deliberately so that it's an hour not three hours four hours um so the best thing is just to keep talking and we'll figure the rest out Um.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Do youNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: want to bring uh B Barack Barack into the conversation as well orNicholas Clarkson: Uh yeah. Yeah. Why not? Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Uh just a bit of warning, notNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: warning, something to keep in mind is because what we do straddles marketing, revops, sales, and so forth.  
00:30:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Sometimes people can feel threatened, right? So, I just want to put it out there that it's a very collaborative effort, right? We work with you and support you. Um, and I hope that that's the message that Barack will get as well.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. It's it's this kind of modular. It's adding on to the people that are struggling already. So, I I don't think he'll um I've mentioned you guys anyway. So, um, and I think of him as kind of being, um, you know, he needs to be more strategic, less operational, right? He's only 15 hours a week, so like, don't worry about that. That'sHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: all good.Hassaan Ahmad: Nick, is there a goal that you're targeting? A revenue goal or number of clients signed up or something? What are we working towards?Nicholas Clarkson: Um, I mean, I sort of want to be realistic, but I think we could be two to 300k ARR by the end of the year. And and if a few good opportunities drop, it could it could quickly become half a million ARR.  
00:31:36
 Nicholas Clarkson: That's as in projected, you know. Look.Hassaan Ahmad: That sounds right.Nicholas Clarkson: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: And what's your sales cycle?Nicholas Clarkson: if yeah it's it's probably two months um if there's intent um I mean we're looking at tools like clay and you know trying to get a bit more intention but there's a couple of big deals that are following that that could land in September. There's a giant or that they want to pilot us in September. their 100red billion revenue right if we land with them fixes the whole year and we don't need much good to happen if we land three or four goodsized clients we are already at two to 300k like our business model is quite like that um soHassaan Ahmad: And and what would that 200k allow you to achieve? I know it extends the runway, but is there a reason you're targeting that?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh I suppose it would be the sort of minimum level of success to justify you know to investors that we can boost our valuation um and keep going.  
00:32:49
 Nicholas Clarkson: I mean this we want to stay alive to we want the capital we have and the revenue that comes in to have a runway long enough to get to a series A. that that may be ambitious but we've raised privately and it's just so time consuming and every customer that drops just extends the runway and I I want to we did a 5 million pre- money valuation it'll be six post money I I want the next one to be at 20 and I need to justify that so yeah we're doing this you know My I see this now in the sales I now understand why it's so hard because you go from having a brilliant product to then which is jumping through one hoop to then going well now let's become sales experts and it's like you're asking two very two very big hurdles to jump over all while staying funded right and I I get that completely and just we're desperate to just figure that secret source out Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Well, hopefully we can uh we can do that together. So 20 million pre- money means you're if you're looking at a 10x multiple, you need like 2 million 2 million in AR, right?  
00:34:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: So realistically I think end of next year isNicholas Clarkson: itHassaan Ahmad: SeptemberNicholas Clarkson: could be.Hassaan Ahmad: nextNicholas Clarkson: ItHassaan Ahmad: year.Nicholas Clarkson: could be. Yeah. Yeah. a bit of um popping up, but our our burns about 40 to 50k. So, we've got 12 months of revenue, assuming nothing good happens. If we if so, if we land another five or six corporate clients of a good size, we can be at break even and then everything else then we actually can be profitable. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: there is a pathway for us to get through to India next year without having to raise any more money. But good things need to happen. UmHassaan Ahmad: I think so. And and look for the corporate client if we do this right a 30k ARR is not crazy, right? For this software, I think 50K RR could be very realistic for a small company as well. For larger ones, for reads, for investment funds and so forth, sky's is the limit, right?  
00:35:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: And that I hope you guys are exploring is um alliances with the legal firms with the uh with the big four with the M advisors because INicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: think that's another place where you can make a serious dent.Nicholas Clarkson: 100%. The problem we've had there is we, you know, they're such big organizations that you're you go around the houses. Well, I I what we and I've seen this in other software groups where they they land the corporate clients, but it costs them more to land them than it does in revenue. AndHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: so they get diluted into oblivionHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: and they haven't fixed the real thing which is you have to get those big clients the banks the advisors the fund administrators. If you had you had you got into this because you wanted to build a a unicorn right you do ignore that you will never get there and you won't owe much of your company anyway. So I mean I I think I'm very uh aware of the fact that what we need to do in order to achieve that I don't have the answers but I'm an open book on doing it.  
00:36:13
 Nicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. How much budget? And by the way, I just realized we're five minutes over. Are you good for five?Nicholas Clarkson: don't worry about me. I mean if you guys need to shoot that's fine. We can carry on.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm all right. This is quite important, right? Let's figure out how to get you to series A. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: This isHassaan Ahmad: how much I saw that you had ran some promotions a couple of months ago, I think, on LinkedIn. So, you boosted or promoted one of your ads and something. Um, what kind of fraction did you get and what kind of budget would you be willing to allocate if the message was validated and worked?Nicholas Clarkson: I'm definitely open to it. Um, it did the boost did did nothing, but I don't think we configured the the campaign, you know, it's like where you can extend the audience. We extended it and it was hundreds of thousands of people, which is just not and I kind of got sick of LinkedIn ads.  
00:37:10
 Nicholas Clarkson: I was like, this is just it's a horribly unintuitive. You have to figure that out. I'm sure you went through that, right? So, how the hell does this work? It's not obvious. I don't have the time. I would love to do it, but IHassaan Ahmad: ItNicholas Clarkson: IHassaan Ahmad: ItNicholas Clarkson: it wasHassaan Ahmad: works just the way our ad work like you just have to say the right thing to the right people at the right time and then you know you it works. So, look, I think there is there's a lot that we could do, right? 2 million or 1 million AR R isn't I've looked at your product. It looks great, right? And 1 million AR isn't out of the realm of possibility within a year, right? It's going to take some math to get there. So, I'm going to run some math and in our next meeting, what I would do is um if you're open to it, let's work our way back from that $2 million goal, right?  
00:38:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: and see what's the number of meetings you sorry so what's the number of ops you need what's the ACB at what ACB what number of meetings you're going to require and realistically how we get there right so once we understand the math that will then allow us to figure out which are the levers that we need to pull rightNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: instinctively I know that it's going to be LinkedIn ads that are going to work really well right we'll test that for you we'll validate the offer and then you in two months we would know precisely what does it cost us to get a customerNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: once we know that then it's just a matter of keeping that gravy train going till we get to that right and obviously there's learning economies there as well so as you iterate you get better and better and better um but it's that two-month mark which we've got to get to and validate that offer which you know happy to umNicholas Clarkson: interesting.Hassaan Ahmad: think think about any customers that you feel would be good candidates for an interview  
00:39:06
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and when you think about them ask the question why right why do you feel that way yeah because what we want to get to is people who are who willing to open up who willing to share what their life was before fusible what they have been able to do differently what tangible metrics they have for them and if they haven't thought about it that's fine because that's my job right so I can ask that question and you know we can we can help them get to that number. ButNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: that's the level of insight we need in order to come to something really specific that will work as a message.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Love it. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: It's great.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicholas Clarkson: No,Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Nicholas Clarkson: I I I love the thought process. So, let's um let's pick it up again on Tuesday and then um Yeah, we'll uh we'll keep going.Hassaan Ahmad: Sounds good.Nicholas Clarkson: All right. No, no. Likewise.  
Transcription ended after 00:40:16

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
