---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Fuseable/Remotir - Weekly Sync – 2025/10/10 14:30 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:30.061Z
meeting_date: 2025-10-10T13:58:44.389Z
---


Fuseable/Remotir - Weekly Sync - Transcript
00:00:00
 Roland Hangyas: out Adnan so much that he used to sleep the whole weekend. So that's why.Adnan Khan: I've got a four-year-old, man. What sleep? If if anything, the weekends are more work.Barak Peled: Hey, this is the best time of your life. Believe me.Roland Hangyas: Yeah. Yeah.Adnan Khan: I believe you. I believe you. You always uh you remember the time. You don't remember the tiredness.Barak Peled: No, you you remember the time you didn't spend with your children. That's the problem.Roland Hangyas: Yeah. That's true.Barak Peled: Yeah. Yeah. Um, good. I have been mainly at the garage today getting my car through anote. So, that's another update for you guys. Um, I don't know. I mean, Nikki is joining us, right?Roland Hangyas: I think so. Yeah.Barak Peled: Do you want to start with the with the with the ad account so we can see the the traction?Adeel Khan: Yeah, I can turn it off.  
00:01:14
 Adeel Khan: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I was saying Adila, are you okay to pull up the ad account and walk us through theAdeel Khan: Yep. Yep. Yep.Barak Peled: Roland, we didn't have any more inbound, right?Roland Hangyas: Um there was actually one guy who submitted the demo request today. Um and it was from a valid person actually. Um and it came Maybe.Barak Peled: Ah, but I think it was one of my the guy I met in London.Roland Hangyas: Yeah.Barak Peled: Which company?Roland Hangyas: Okay. It was um he he was a CCO of uh his name is Raphael. No. Does that ring any bells?Barak Peled: Maybe it's not, but I used to get the request and now I don't see it.Roland Hangyas: No.Barak Peled: So maybe um ah I see. Wait. Um ah Raphael. That's weird. Unless the guy passed it over to someone else. This isn't the guy I met. So that could be chief revenue officer of diffusion data.Adeel Khan: It's too beautiful.  
00:02:30
 Roland Hangyas: That's the Y Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Ah, okay. That is that's one of Nick's Yeah, I I don't believe so because Nick did mention him.Barak Peled: That's one of Nick. You mean it's not from the campaign?Hassaan Ahmad: So, I've spoken with Rafael um and Nick had spoken with Raphael about something else. So, I think he's just checking.Barak Peled: Yes. So, no. So, I think we didn't have another lead now coming.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, how many do you We started the campaigns around I think three weeks ago. Obviously you guys have been doing some efforts as well but have you felt that the number of inbound leads has increased during that time or is the run rate pretty much the same as what you were getting.Barak Peled: Um, who is Lucian with ITC? Roland, I lost you. Yeah, cuz I just ran a search on my thingy and there's a bunch, but um, a lot of them are Pot doing the development. So, but but there's a couple of names I don't recognize.  
00:03:38
 Barak Peled: So it will be good to know if um if there are leads or not. How many what's going on? Roland are you okay?Adeel Khan: Hey.Roland Hangyas: Yeah. Yeah, I'm here. Um, my wife was was just at the door and she didn't have a key and she was just pressing the doorbell continuously, so thought it might be a good idea to let her in. I'm not sure, but IBarak Peled: Are you sure it's a good idea?Roland Hangyas: just thought it would be a good idea. So, we'll see if it was a good That was that was from meet Alfred that came from a campaign.Barak Peled: I will tell. Um, Roland, we had a lead from Luchana Fernandez at ITC group from a cold outreach.Adeel Khan: Let me see.Roland Hangyas: Yeah, that was outbound. Yep.Barak Peled: Okay. And then we have who is Adrian? A Laur There is a Lauren Price. Is Lauren Price Jason's daughter?Roland Hangyas: Yes. That's That would be Jason's daughter.  
00:04:37
 Roland Hangyas: Yep.Barak Peled: Okay. And then we have Adrian. It's also ITC group. So it's the same.Roland Hangyas: Yeah, two ladies.Adeel Khan: I'm sorry.Roland Hangyas: Yeah, they're from the same company. Yep.Barak Peled: And then it's P. Who is Harry?Roland Hangyas: Harry. Harry. Harry.Barak Peled: A pillar well-being. Ah, that's Harry Jameson. That's a Nick's investor.Roland Hangyas: Yep.Barak Peled: Um, and then we've got Ned. And then yeah guys I no I think those were the only two leads that we got in the first week.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, nothing offered the first week then.Barak Peled: Who is I know that's P. Yeah it was Moroma.Roland Hangyas: I I I think the last lady that we actually got was Moroma. Maybe.Barak Peled: Uh yeah literally I I recognize all the name. Who is uh Jane was Mama? Yeah. Yeah, that was the last lead and that was on the um September the 25th. So literally on the day you started or more or less um two weeks ago.  
00:05:34
 Roland Hangyas: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: Uh sh should shall I go over the camps Uh, all right.Barak Peled: Yeah, sure.Adeel Khan: Cool. So, uh, let me actually listen. So, yeah. Right. So, overall, it's still what do you call it? Like these because these are two are two of our campaigns. Uh, basically whole structure. We have $1,600 in spend. So, again, LinkedIn is still not spending uh across all accounts. Uh, so it's not like what do you call that? Yeah, I explain that later. But uh overall $1620 spent at this moment. So uh if you notice your CPCs have probably decreased from the last time I sent the video and your dwell time uh has increased to 3.36 seconds. It used to be 2.8. So this this means that people are like more like looking at your ads more and then they just end up deciding to click. So that means that that's positively uh encouraging for your science. Uh so but but but I think everyone's understanding I think there are two two one to two leads that came through these campaigns and I think that is more realistic than getting four to five leads because that is so these are all poll audiences.  
00:06:57
 Adeel Khan: So uh that that was my expectation. Uh getting one was like the bare minimum getting two was like okay. Obviously the more the marrier but uh in terms of realistic expectations from me as a marketer that was my expectations. So I'm not fairly worried that the what do you call it? Uh there's no deep though yet because uh the other metrics are solid and we also have to face the reality that LinkedIn like as a channel is just not working at its peak yet. So like we do we having we have like we're paying $18 for a click. Uh like that hurts me for some reason. So, uh I don't want to be paying $30 $40 for a click just because uh just to spend money that's not worth it. It's not it's not valuable for you guys or like it's wasting time and energy and money and that's not like nothing that's not good for longterm effects. So changes what I've done is uh so we're just focusing on our website conversions. Uh we we have groups and audiences.  
00:08:00
 Adeel Khan: We're going to uh I'm going to what do you call it the finance landers going live today. So those ads will be going live today. Uh I've also started thought leadership on Nick's account. So this went live yesterday.Barak Peled: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Uh $2.5 like we don't look at CPCs. We just look at the impact. But this also is also like a top of funnel play. So basically what you we will do essentially is we target these people who engage who look at it and stuff like that.Barak Peled: Heat.Adeel Khan: So you'll see 5.2% CTR. This will increase with time. Uh and you'll see 3.62 62 but this will also increase with time. Right now the samples is too small like or 22 impressions of the people the scroll but you have also 22 clicks of people actually also looked at it maybe.Barak Peled: Yeah, it's a good result. Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Barak Peled: Yeah.Adeel Khan: So these are early track early like metric traction top of funnel wise but uh I also kind of had like a whole plan to just basically show you the longterm journey of like how this will actually affect you guys.  
00:09:02
 Adeel Khan: Uh uh I don't know if next year or not. Should we wait for him? Uh I don't mind obviously but we obviously have this attribution problem, right? Uh part of it is because Oh, wait. Sorry. Yeah. Part of it is something that won't be solvable. We we're going to take steps to also make sure that we know some of it as well. So uh we're going to duplicate our homepage uh and the forum. We're going to add an input field with nope and we're going to add UTM cookie trackers. So bit bit technical but what that basically would do is tell so I basically send UTM parameters with our anybody who clicks our LinkedIn ads that should realistically just pick it up from there. Uh but that will only like solve maybe like in terms of uh certainty that only will give us like 60 50% certainty. That's probably the max we'll ever get uh with the current stack and setup that is. And that's not like a fusible problem.  
00:10:04
 Adeel Khan: That's like a whole marketing problem. Like I've built out like a really impressive attribution software in my company and we still don't know. So that's like the whole marketing thing, but I I would love to get into the details of it, but I'm just curious if you should wait for Nick or not.Barak Peled: and his diary is open like he is booked for only here but maybe something has caught him.Roland Hangyas: I just pinned him now. Um asking if he's if he's going to join. He might have another overlap. Yep. Yep.Barak Peled: So what what next is on the um what next are we planning? So which campaigns are we rolling out now?Adeel Khan: We're putting finance funds today. Uh so and that also includes what do you call it the VA on the finance on the legal one. So uh yeah those are like going out today.Roland Hangyas: Just one question on finance. So finance is an umbrella term for tax for for CFO and for I think there was treasury as well was the other one maybe.  
00:11:18
 Adeel Khan: Yeah.Roland Hangyas: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you want to go through the audiences for for that? I know we were discussing the titles and stuff yesterday. So, it would be good to align with the team on what titles we're going to target for that.Adeel Khan: Yeah. So, basically the same uh titles Roland sent me. I'm just going for those. I'll just share those with you.Barak Peled: I mean, we've done the work. Roly, have you had a look at the titles?Roland Hangyas: Um, I I suggested the titles uh to deal actually I I I haven't looked at them within the campaign if that's the question.Barak Peled: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Adeel Khan: Can you guys see my face?Roland Hangyas: Not yet.Hassaan Ahmad: Can't see your screen yet.Adeel Khan: One second. Wait, let me connect to my hotspot. One second.Barak Peled: Okay.Adnan Khan: Did we lose him?Barak Peled: I think so. He he's incompatible with HubSpot like Nick.Adnan Khan: Yeah, but but TLDDR because me and him were talking earlier, I think what we're going to do is we are going to be able to attribute the direct leads very directly.  
00:13:24
 Adnan Khan: So we'll we'll get that on the landing page that that we're building. We're going to get like an email input filled on there. So the moment like a lead comes in, we'll know like hey this came through the direct landing pages. I think the bigger concern is like the indirect attribution which is like you all have multiple channels going on. They have like they're seeing our ads, they're seeing your stuff and eventually when the lead comes in we can't really attribute those. I think on our end we're like we we'd rather not die on that hill and have a longer term relationship with you all trying to build that ecosystem up uh because eventually the results will get clearer and clearer especially when we cross like that three to six month mark. Um, so I think that's that's what the deal wanted to wanted to like break down a little bit more in terms of like how we look at that from from a strategy perspective. Um, but I know we also wanted Nick here because he would have a lot to say.  
00:14:16
 Barak Peled: Um, yeah, I know. I didn't manage that because I was in Yeah.Adnan Khan: We it it's fine. We can we can like bring that up like in the next one as well. I know if he can't make it that's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: So what do we need from the fusible team in order to fix this?Barak Peled: I mean,Adnan Khan: So we need we will so what I needed from Nick was that he updates maybe it's a pure thing I don't know but uh if next to the button so we currently have like the finance landing page legal landing page next to the button we have an input field the input field literally says add your work address your work email address so whenever someone enters that we sort of get an email or whatever about the lead coming in. Then that form redirects to uh the booking page that Rol London team is already running. So ultimately it's a case of like okay this email came in. We know this email like this lead came in and ultimately we can track that in HubSpot.  
00:15:18
 Adnan Khan: So at least it's a bit more attributable. Then what I suggest we do is at the bottom of the pages we have a larger form. I think we just switch those to an email form as well similar to how we do it on our own website. on and I think that would just make things a whole lot clearer. That is the direct attribution part. Now the problem with direct attribution is we are assuming people are just going to sign up especially with larger ticket more complex products on the first go. They probably won't. They'll do it after eight touches, nine touches, whatever. I think that's the indirect attribution. We're like trying to figure out like what is the best way to attribute it with this group of people because you all are already running multiple campaigns. Uh in different scenarios, it's pretty easy because we go from zero to one here. I think we're trying to go from one to two. So there's already stuff running. So I think that's the part we we haven't quite figured out and we're we're okay for now to solve the direct first and then keep chucking along on the indirect one.  
00:16:15
 Barak Peled: Okay. Um, fine. I think some of it is is to do with P. Really? I heard your conversation. I mean, I saw your email with Nick yesterday. So um Yeah.Adnan Khan: I'll ask him who uh I I think it's a pure thing. I I'll ask him because all I really want is the lead like framer just sending out an email to like oh yeah we have collected a lead and you have a new lead and then the thank you page just redirects to the dis like the the calendar flow that you all already have. So I might just draw it out put it in chat and see if we can implement it. I think the other thing that Adil wants which is a better long-term fix is he wants to implement a script in your on your website that will let any UTM link it could be UTM links that you guys are using we are using it will just anytime someone comes into the website it will dump the UPM params into the form in hidden form fields so it'll be like Facebook campaign 3 creative five whatever And so when the user signs up and sends the sends submits the form, we will also get that hidden information that was pre-populated with the JavaScript and we will also get their email.  
00:17:32
 Adeel Khan: ally. f***Adnan Khan: And so that's the that's the thing he actually wanted to implement. But that's also like only 40% accurate which is which so indirect the hence I'm saying indirect is always going to be a problem.Barak Peled: Do you Okay.Adeel Khan: All right. Sorry guys, it wasn't my It was I had too many cops open.Barak Peled: Do you know when when when will we have a a return on ad spend uh estimate already?Adeel Khan: So So SoBarak Peled: Like I mean it's it's early but like how how much data we need to run through before we can kind of say oh we need to have a conversion first and then work backwards from it.Adeel Khan: the way I usually do it is I look at uh eventually what do you call it? So two ways. Number one is once you start ads uh how many customers you get effect there but that's like a bit more rolling to rolling like quarterly or something like that. in terms of uh getting a return uh once you start like you get leads you get a customer then you start basically getting a ROAS that's just your advertising spend but then overall you nature down the line so the ecosystem things I was talking about the best way to basically get your measurement is return on marketing spend so overall outbound tools cost our cost team cost whatever and then you see uh when you get uh how  
00:19:16
 Adeel Khan: many customers getting and how much you're actually like contributing to your MR. Uh but it's probably that's I think like you can get more accuracy with more money spent but like you shouldn't probably consider anything below 20K or 30K for like a accurate thing. So for example, you might spend 10k and you might not get like customers but you never know a month or two down the line they all those convert. Yeah because it's a pretty long cycle especially for a your ICP and also like B2B in general. So sometimes deals take five six months to close sometimes two months or So I usually look at it rolling like obviously once you're out but rolling 30 to 90 uh like every three quarters and every yearBarak Peled: So really long intervals. Yeah. Yeah.Adeel Khan: yeah B2B marketing is very very long.Barak Peled: Yeah. Yeah.Adnan Khan: Adil, do you do you also wanna just for the just just want to give like the group visibility on what we mean when we say LinkedIn is not spending?  
00:20:31
 Adnan Khan: Do you just want to just want to quickly show like what we mean by that just from like a bit perspective just just so they have an idea of like why we're saying thatAdeel Khan: Yeah. So, let me show you. Hopefully I don't crash this one. Uh, okay. Oh. Uh, right. So, uh, in terms of LinkedIn not spending, so basically if you use automated uh, bids on LinkedIn, it will spend, but you're not never going to reach the right audience or something like that. Uh, it's basically them wasting money in a nutshell. So if if you just go through these bids. So right now we have a daily bridge of $60. I'm bidding $20. But for example, the minimum threshold is 25.78. The maximum is 62.8. They want me to bet 35.90.Barak Peled: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Uh but what usually used to happen was we used to start off with seven and you just used to spend. Basically you want to find the sweet spot that where it's spending your daily budget, not overspending it or not under spending it, right?  
00:21:53
 Adeel Khan: Uh, but then you also have to like consider like we're we're doing $20. Is that realistic on a $4,000 budget? Like if you divide that that's like 200 clicks. Is that a realistic uh way? There's like a sample of pool to get $4,000. Let's say so right now what what's happening is and I'm happy to show you guys across every account. It will tell you to bid more and more and more. Part of it is because Q3 people were pushing. Uh part of it was also because u this LinkedIn just trying to get more money because it's just getting less and less accurate. But this is like a campaign I run uh and my what do you call it? This has been on for a long time and it's not spending and I'm bidding 15. I'm betting 19. I used to bid eight7 dollars literally two months ago and they used to spend and give me bed leads butBarak Peled: 87.Adeel Khan: again it's like sorry eight to seven so $7 or $8 yeah and good lead flow good good spend everything but this like basically last last three weeks it's just gone observed so like this one's 26 this this metric used to stay the same but I used to bid at $67 and get really consistent spending and money flow.  
00:23:17
 Adeel Khan: So, um it's been 3 weeks. So, obviously, you don't want to just make an assumption and just go with the flow because it could just be a one-off and then next thing you know, we've bidding at $40 and we've got zero value and we've just spent all the money on for that month.Barak Peled: Yeah.Adeel Khan: So, this doesn't make sense.Barak Peled: Okay. Um I think it was good to get a picture. We probably need a little bit more time to get the data points and we need to see the finance campaign going live. Um, and yeah, Nick is not joining. So, I think we can we can wrap it for the weekend and uh yeah, we'll keep we'll keep chatting on uh black. Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah, we can have another oneoff call if you want. I can explain the whole I don't know if Putna or Sand, but I can explain what the whole vision usually is with the ads and the ecosystem and whatnot. It'll be fun for you guys, right?  
00:24:12
 Adnan Khan: Yeah, I I would say I would say a deal.Adeel Khan: You guys would really enjoy it, I think.Roland Hangyas: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Let's let's schedule that. Add me to it as well. I think it would just be good to like get into that rhythm and just talk through that that problem because ultimately I think like there's direct and indirect things and I think ultimately what we care about is likeRoland Hangyas: Heat.Adnan Khan: the end goal of like getting getting more top level leads in. So let's just yeah I think it might be good to spend 30 minutes with Nick just to sort of iron that out.Barak Peled: Sure.Adeel Khan: Yeah, I'm down.Roland Hangyas: Yeah. Is is the website stuff something that you guys wanted to touch upon with Nick today because he said like maybe spend 10 minutes of the call on on how to how to add that snippet into the website code or is that something completely different?Adeel Khan: Uh we can basically wanted just to implement the code for the UTMS.Roland Hangyas: Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Is that a nick thing or a beard? I thinkBarak Peled: I think it's a picture.Roland Hangyas: Yeah, probably. Yeah.Adnan Khan: I think so too.Adeel Khan: It's okay.Adnan Khan: I Yeah, I didn't I didn't get why Nick wanted to do it himself because I I assumed he could Yeah. just ask the designer to do it. The other uh the other option is which might be more risky for you guys is just giving us like a tiny seat or a login to the framer and then what we can do is like just add it ourselves but again leaving that option open. Yeah. Okay. See you later.  
Transcription ended after 00:26:00

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
