---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Craig Vintcent – 2025/07/16 11:29 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:39:05.039Z
meeting_date: 2025-07-16T11:06:03.127Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Craig Vintcent - Transcript
00:00:00
 Lawrence Flude: Good morning. Can he Can you hear? Hello, Hassan. HereHassaan Ahmad: Hi, Lawrence.Lawrence Flude: we go.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry, I my laptop was on mute and I almost didn't hear you.Lawrence Flude: Oh, no problem. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well, Lawrence. How are you?Lawrence Flude: I'm fine, thanks very much. Where where are you? Where are you based, Hassan?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm in London.Lawrence Flude: Okay. So, MarkHassaan Ahmad: HiMark Gibson: Good morning.Hassaan Ahmad: Mark.Mark Gibson: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey. Are youMark Gibson: Yeah, I'm well. Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: I saw one of you is based in South Africa. Is that Is that you, Mark?Lawrence Flude: Is there anyone thatMark Gibson: I'm in London.Lawrence Flude: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Mark Gibson: Where are you, son?Hassaan Ahmad: I am in London as well. Is Craig gonna join us?Lawrence Flude: Craig's in SouthMark Gibson: ThereLawrence Flude: AfricaMark Gibson: we go.Lawrence Flude: at the moment, but he lives in outside London as well.  
00:01:26
 Lawrence Flude: And I live in Stratford. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. Well, you and I are on the opposite sides of the river kind of. So, I'm in Witch.Lawrence Flude: Okay.Mark Gibson: No, we're on the same side of the river. Not far from me. I'm in Black.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Okay. Well, this could have been ketchup or coffee.Mark Gibson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, I have to admit, um, I've been looking at your website and it sounds like you you and I do pretty similar things. So, very curious about what prompted you to, uh, to get in touch, to take the call and, you know,Mark Gibson: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: howMark Gibson: I think I think Craig saw one of your uh LinkedIn posts or an email came across. I don't know how we got in touch, but uh we do similar things, but it looks like you guys are productled. We're a consulting organization.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mark Gibson: So I think that's quite a significant difference.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's that's one of the differences.  
00:02:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: I mean, consulting is the way when I look at your approach, I think the starting point is the same. It's about understanding what the pain point is. you know what is the challenge that the product's trying to solve and then execute however you know makes sense for that specific situation. So that's the starting point for us as well but curious about how you guys approach your customers and is it is it just pure consulting that you provide or is it do you goMark Gibson: Yeah. Yeah. We're we're a consulting organization with a set of tools that we use to deliver our consulting.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mark Gibson: So that's the difference because I see you guys as a productled organization that may have consultingHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that is right. We do execution first.Mark Gibson: and how's it Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh well, uh we are fairly new. So, we incorporated started this year. We've won fair few customers. So I think we're beyond product market fit but you know we're still in that rapidly scaling phase.  
00:03:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um how about you guys? You guys also incorporated what it November something.Lawrence Flude: November. Yeah.Mark Gibson: Yeah. So, it's been a slow start because you know consulting is a different cell from product le. It's a it's a very different cell. And you know, that's what attracted me to what you guys were doing because, you know, it's easier to get somebody to buy a product and then get and then have them realize that they need some help. It's an easier sell.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. So, but I imagine your ticket sizes must correspond to that as well.Mark Gibson: Very significantly larger. Yes. Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So uh so Mark I mean I'm not going to give you the full page full speed on what I do because you know it's it's fairly obvious that you guys are very you're operators yourselves you know what we do and so forth by so um did you have a view on where we might be able to work together or you know do you have a problem that you're trying to solve?  
00:04:46
 Mark Gibson: Um so you know the question is um how could we work together? Is there an opportunity since um we are consulting first? I mean what sort of resources do you have um to bring to bear on you know if somebody says well actually we need some help.Hassaan Ahmad: What kind of help? Give me an example.Mark Gibson: I'm talking about go to market and uh executing all of the uh requirements that they're going to need to do to develop a go to market uh structure, messaging, conversations, website design, all of those things thatLawrence Flude: It'sMark Gibson: go withLawrence Flude: interestingMark Gibson: it.Lawrence Flude: narrative.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um, so for us, so obviously on the sales side, on the messaging and the offer creation side, it's me for now. Same as you guys. So I'm a practitioner as well being 15. Hey Craig, how's it going?Craig Vintcent: Hi guys. Sorry, I had a problem with my my Wi-Fi here. They had a bit of a power outage. I'm so sorry.  
00:05:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: No, no problem at all. So Craig I was just uh Mark asked me you know what our process is and you know what kind of resources do we bring to the table when we are doing execution for our customers rightCraig Vintcent: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: and I was just beginning to explain that so like you mentioned so I'm an operator just as you guys as well you know been in the industry 15 years B2B SAS is where I play right that's that's my sweet spot but I've done analytics advisory etc etc so that helped me put the narrative and the offer together. I think this is where you and I might compete. But then what where we take it from or where we take that to is I have a partner who's a senior design engineer at Meta. So he brings that design angle uh that design expertise. We can build landing pages. We can do the offer creation and so forth. And then we have a team that can do the execution bit as well both through um paid channels or through inperson hitting the phones channels.  
00:06:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: The team's based offshore which allows us to keep the cost down. Um but everybody's super experienced. They've been they they have experience of doing that for many many years.Mark Gibson: Yeah, it wouldn't seem that like there were too many opportunities for us to partner because you know our our pricing model would not work with uh uh with your offshore model and uh um so you know it's it's an interesting It's an interesting field. Um, so are you getting um any opportunity to upsell because you've priced the product at a very low price? Hassan basically said, Craig, when we open the meeting that, you know, we're in the same space, we're doing the same things. So, I'm not going to pitch you. Let's have a conversation.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mark Gibson: If you're wondering why the conversation's taking this direction,Hassaan Ahmad: But Craig, I imagine um you you came across the ad first, right? So what were your thoughts andCraig Vintcent: Yes, I I was I was um I was struck by your um your offering.  
00:07:58
 Craig Vintcent: Two things stood out. One was the simplicity of your offering um and the second was the way you've managed to productize the offering at at the price point you've got to. So you know while we may be while there may be overlap with what we do I think our model is our models are fundamentally different where ours is very much a um shall I say bespoke you to use a horrible consulting word but you know it it will be a a solution that works for a customer that's focused on customer insight we're getting from our B2B clients and and and helping them with go to market yours is more of a a productled and and again this is the reason why I want to have a conversation yours is more of a productled um offering where you get that annuity annuity revenue stream from your client base. But but I may have misread that completelyHassaan Ahmad: No, that's that's absolutely right. So, I've being in B2B SAS And I'm going to have a very transparent conversation with you because you know I appreciate the collective experience I've got on the call here right and my focus purely is learning from youram learning from your your experience you know get some mentorship and if there's an opportunity to work together we you know more than happy to partner there being in B2B SAS I have really deeply understood the magic of recurring  
00:09:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: revenue And one of the biggest challenges which I've needed to overcome in most of the sales that I do because it's almost often high six figure sometimes seven figure sales. It's the very very very long sales cycles. the the problem or or the solution that we came to was that if we could lower the opportunity, sorry, if we could lower the initial land cost, structure it in a way that gives us that end revenue, it does two things. One, it reduces the sales cycle. Two, it allows us to allow uh to adopt a market penetration strategy. And number three, um, if we deliver, it aligns our incentives with our customers, right? So it reduces the risk for them and therefore, you know, we could be in the business for much longer with them. So it's a, you can call it a pay as you grow model, right? Where if the customer works, you know, if what we're doing works for them, then the customer has an incentive to do more with us, right? And the typical expansion would either be through a higher budget or through doing more add-on services like execution on the ground um etc etc. So that's what we're doing.  
00:10:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: The message is like you mentioned resonating um moved beyond PMF quite recently and uh just lookingCraig Vintcent: SoHassaan Ahmad: toCraig Vintcent: youHassaan Ahmad: scaleCraig Vintcent: got so I mean how you've been going how long now?Hassaan Ahmad: six months. Yeah.Craig Vintcent: Six.Hassaan Ahmad: This isCraig Vintcent: So January January this year. January 2025.Hassaan Ahmad: correct. Yeah. So we started end of JanCraig Vintcent: And when do you say you've reach reached PMF product market fit? Does that I mean with no disrespect you how do you know that?Hassaan Ahmad: uh five customers so far. UCraig Vintcent: Right. FiveHassaan Ahmad: plusCraig Vintcent: on five customers onboarded and so so a sales cycle where they've onboarded already within six months and you are into the next phase with them orHassaan Ahmad: uh three of them I'm in the next phase. two are just onboarded.Craig Vintcent: right congratulations. That's incredible. Well done on that adoption. That's that's really well done because it's  
00:11:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: ThankCraig Vintcent: notHassaan Ahmad: you.Craig Vintcent: often not many startups who can say that after six months. UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Craig Vintcent: that's really really really impressive. Well done has signed. You should guys should be proud of yourselves.Hassaan Ahmad: Thank youCraig Vintcent: UmHassaan Ahmad: soCraig Vintcent: soHassaan Ahmad: much.Craig Vintcent: you've done you've done three with a with with upsells upsell opportunity audience upsell as in you your your yourHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, I would sayCraig Vintcent: pay I love your pay as you grow. I love that. I love that phrase.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Lawrence Flude: Yes.Craig Vintcent: It's a brilliant brilliant phrase.Hassaan Ahmad: I'veCraig Vintcent: UmHassaan Ahmad: learned CIO somewhere. That'sCraig Vintcent: yeahHassaan Ahmad: that's wantedCraig Vintcent: I'mHassaan Ahmad: to do.Craig Vintcent: I love that. It's brilliant. We all learn something new every day. And then then two of So three where you're going to grow and two where you've you've literally just on boarded.  
00:12:07
 Craig Vintcent: So you've So your average sales cycle then is what two or three months?Hassaan Ahmad: The quickest was one week.Craig Vintcent: One week. That's your new benchmark right now I presume.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's what my team's holding me accountable to that. Yeah, look,Craig Vintcent: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think it's where because of the simplicity of the offer, I think, Greg, where people see the need,Craig Vintcent: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: they self-qualify, right?Craig Vintcent: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: And and that's what we're we're after. So, which is why I was really curious to talk to you guys um as well because when I say you and I do the same thing, it's I think we're trying to get to the same outcome which is you know identifying that pain and wording it in a way that people can relate themselves to it and self-qualify. Right? So, so that's the similarity between us but I've that's the goal I've set for myself where the message is so clear that either you're qualifying yourself in or qualifying yourself out very quickly.  
00:13:08
 Craig Vintcent: And do you I mean do you keep your you know the offer as in your message the offer as simple as possible because that's the other thing that struck me when I was looking at your your material. I thought it was really crisp and really clear and again you guys have got to take a lot of credit for that. that doesn't happen overnight. Your your message is crystal clear and people know whether they whether they're in or out because they know what they're getting and what they're not getting.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Craig Vintcent: So, um just geographically, are you you're in the UK? Is that right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I'm in London. Uh my partner'sCraig Vintcent: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: in London. Um although he's going to relocate to the US and open up a branch there. So weCraig Vintcent: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: have coverage. Um the execution team, half is here and then some are in Pakistan.Craig Vintcent: And so how many people do you have?Hassaan Ahmad: Right now five growing quickly.Craig Vintcent: Right.  
00:14:15
 Mark Gibson: Craig, Hassan mentioned that his partner is a a technical leader at Meta, so has all of the technical chops to do the uh identification and uh and the hands-on on stuff that needs to be built to make a product that will work. What have you built it on her son?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh what do you mean? Sorry.Mark Gibson: What What is it? Does it live in chat GPT as an agent or is itHassaan Ahmad: So it's not an agent actually. Um right now we're staying away from the agents at least, you know, till the volume gets to a point where we can't handle it simply because I'm sure you see that in your your engagements as well. People are buying the experience, right? people are buying the uh the person that you they're seeing on the screen. They're not really buying an agent. So, till we get to that point, we're we're doing it more inhouse. What he does right now is more of the design side of things. So, how do we take that message to an offer to a landing page and so forth?  
00:15:16
 Mark Gibson: very good. Um, yeah. So, I don't I don't really have any questions. You know, I think you guys have got a very compelling offer because, you know, we're trying to sell to the same people. I can tell you. I saw your offer and I thought, "f****** hell, thatHassaan Ahmad: IMark Gibson: isHassaan Ahmad: don't think we're trying to sell to the same people. Like who who who's your ICP? Who are youMark Gibson: Well,Hassaan Ahmad: selling?Mark Gibson: I think there's a difference. Um, you know, you're selling to early adopters who say who go, "Yeah, we can do this ourselves." We're selling to customers that are going, "Hey, we need some help." That's the difference. So, I think that's a maturity market mature are they in their adoption of AI? And I got to tell you, it's still early days. It's still early days. And um, but I think you're in a great place because uh, you know, there This industry has to change really quickly.  
00:16:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Craig Vintcent: So what so what what would your ICP Sorry, my network's not great here, so I'm turning my camera off. Can you still hear me?Lawrence Flude: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Craig Vintcent: Yeah. So So what would you see as being your ICP? or or are you 6 months in? Are you are you um uh are you still refining that?Hassaan Ahmad: uh I would say refining it but as Mark put it it's very very early stage companies right who are probably raise some seed funds right but they they need an execution arm to hit the revenue milestone that's going to take them to series A or whatever itMark Gibson: and and that 3,000 flag is nothing, you know, that's that's definitely something the startup is that would be very attractive to startup foundersHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Mark Gibson: or to, you know, the first sales guy or first marketing guy in or the BD guy really.Hassaan Ahmad: exactly. Yeah. So, what about you guys? What What do you typically price your engagements at?  
00:17:05
 Mark Gibson: Well, I think we are depends what country you're in, what country you're selling to, because there's a different price if you're working in Eastern Europe or South Africa than there is here. But we would want to price an engagement around 30,000 a month.Hassaan Ahmad: So that I mean that creates a clear difference between the customers I would go after and the ones that you would go after. And I think that that creates an opportunity for us there as well, right? because if you like the offer, even though you guys can do it yourselves, um that's something that we could potentially think aboutLawrence Flude: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: looking at, right? We could think about giving you some execution muscle. I don't know if it's the team's bigger than the three of you or do you have more? Um who couldMark Gibson: It's worth thinking. Look, I I think it's it's worth thinking about because as you say, you know, we are going after mid-market um you know, product market fit uh post series B mainly but typically post series B or series C looking to scale where scaleups stall.  
00:18:08
 Mark Gibson: So our re we're really looking to reignite growth in existing companies. That's our motto and uh it's not necessarily focused on working with startups to get them into the market which seems to be where you are. Well the reason is because that's where the money is. We've we've we've done a bit of work in early stage companies and it's very painful trying to get money out of them.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Lawrence Flude: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: I completely hear you. Yeah.Craig Vintcent: Yes. I mean, just to echo Mark's point, you know, we we we we're targeting mid-market private equity backed businesses, product market fits, you know, in excess of of, I guess, 5 million pound turnovers. So we we deliberately avoid the the startup people for the reasons Mark just touched on. We're also quite quite um pedantic, if maybe that's the wrong word, about the CEO being the sponsor of go to market because if the CEO is not the sponsor, it's not going to fly.Lawrence Flude: Yeah.Craig Vintcent: UmHassaan Ahmad: Yep.Craig Vintcent: and so we generally we generally try and get close to the founder or the CEO.  
00:19:07
 Craig Vintcent: And you know we we we face we've all seen these movies before, right? Founders who start the get the business and founders who have to be in every single sales cycle. It's just not scalable. So, we're at that, you know, again, we we're still too young to say, um, we this is exactly what our ICP is. Our first couple of clients were were probably if if we're honest with each other, we we we wasn't wasn't our ICP, but but you know, early on you you you take that business on. So, we've got four or five proposals out there now where we're getting much closer to our ICP. Um, and and we that will that will develop. So, I mean, this this call was really more a um you know, an in you know, not not trying to get you to share your state secrets and and and for us not to share our state secrets, but I think there's there's potential synergy here because we're actually not after the same target market.Lawrence Flude: Yeah.Craig Vintcent: Um and and there's potential for for for for a two-way lead flow.  
00:20:02
 Craig Vintcent: you know, if we we will we will come across by definition, we will come across businesses that are that are not in our sweet spot and and and are too small for us and and we could pass those on to you and and vice versa. Um I I think there's potential to I I I don't see unless unless Mark and Lawrence, you disagree, I don't see any conflict between our target markets. I think I I see I see um a complimentary um um coexistence as it were.Lawrence Flude: Yeah, exact mutual. Yeah, agreed.Craig Vintcent: WouldHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Craig Vintcent: you agree or orHassaan Ahmad: IMark Gibson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I fully agree. I don't see myself going after post series V clients anytime soon. Right. By anytime soon, I mean maybe the next two years because as you said, Mark, startups are hard, right? So, so, so we're we're in that process where we're trying to figure this out as we go along, right?Mark Gibson: Hey. And you know, part of your coaching is going to have to be t, you know, being the parent in the room for startup founders as well.  
00:21:04
 Mark Gibson: You know, being the adult in the room and coaching coaching CEOs and and startup teams on uh what the hell they should be doing and focusing onHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah. So, I I see myself staying in my lane for the foreseeable future, right? And you're right, because the offer is interesting. I've had couple of clients who I've spoken with and I've said it would be really cool if I land this, but how the hell am I going to service them? Right? So, uh, that could be the kind of person that I could send you away.Mark Gibson: Yeah. So, I think if you look at what we do, you know, we we're selling to more mature organizations that have got a sales process, but it's usually f***** up. And we get called in when sales is not delivering. And almost look, I've been doing consulting now for 22 years and I can tell you that almost every time I get in, I scratch under the surface and what you find is that the sales guys don't know what to say after they say hello and you  
00:22:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mark Gibson: get product blather that just doesn't land today. And you know, you have to get upstream and work with the, you know, with the message and help them figure out what buyers really care about so that those conversations are going to start to resonate and they can make the why change conversation at land andHassaan Ahmad: Oh.Mark Gibson: you know the why now. So, and that's about skills and enablement and and as well as I said because most of them are f***** up. Craig's going to need to get involved as a CRO and look at the pipeline and help them sort their sales process out. And the 70 odd percent of the deals that are sitting in the middle of their funnel that are doing Nothing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. All right.Craig Vintcent: So, so Hassan, do you do you guys do a you know, we come across the terminology do do for you or do with you? Do you do you have that do you distinguish in those models when you talk to your when you got your clients on board as in you do everything for them or you did with them and  
00:23:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: UmCraig Vintcent: you have different price points?Hassaan Ahmad: it's it's different. Um the do for you model honestly speaking it it sounds exciting but I feel that it's I mean from the beginning it's set up for failure right because no lead agency no sales team no sales coach can understand the product as well as the founding team the engineers and so forthMark Gibson: Correct.Hassaan Ahmad: right so so what works or what should work the best is the do with you model but that has that maturity problem that Mark just talked about. So right now I'm in that phase whereCraig Vintcent: as a maturity problem as in with your clients startups.Hassaan Ahmad: uh just the team in general right like you youCraig Vintcent: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: haveCraig Vintcent: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: to educate the team on how to sell what to doCraig Vintcent: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the right processes to run and so forth and so we're landing with the do for you u but the growth I believe is the do with you kind of model but we haven't gotten there yet that's just the  
00:24:08
 Craig Vintcent: Right.Mark Gibson: So the other thing that you've got going for you I think is the product le aspect because you know you can definitely sign up on your website andLawrence Flude: What?Mark Gibson: no one you know people just don't sign up for consulting. I mean I've been doing this forever and you know I think in the history of consulting I've had about five inbound leads in 20 odd years.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mark Gibson: People don't buy consulting. it has to be sold.Hassaan Ahmad: But how's how are you going to market? Like what's how are you getting those leads or how you doing your outbound?Mark Gibson: So, it's been referral driven up until now and we're about to take on a process uh which is um using um it's a proven process that uses uh LinkedIn outbound um text and uh uses a set of useful tools. It uses a navigator and um um clay and a bunch of other tools that uh there's a system that you execute around generating ICPS. There's tons of them in technology that uh fit our um fit our model and uh that's we're about to implement.  
00:25:18
 Mark Gibson: So it's been uh it's been without a system and a process right it's been difficult to generate leads. So, it's pretty much all been word of mouth and referral driven.Craig Vintcent: and and look when you're word of mouth referral driven is is powerful um for your you know upfront because you you build the credibility and you and you and you move on and you and you build that momentum. However, it does take it just takes longer. It takes longer and and I think that's the that's the that's the harsh reality. So So is remote do you pronounce it remote here?Hassaan Ahmad: promote here. Yes.Craig Vintcent: Remote here. Just if ILawrence Flude: What?Craig Vintcent: love I love stories behind names. What's the story behind the name?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh well started off with the idea that there is a big need for remote talent which is not your cookie cutter call center employees. um and then branched from there. And it's like well why does it need to stay to sales?  
00:26:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: You know it could be you could have remote engineers and you could have remote pilots and whatever you know like everything can be remoteCraig Vintcent: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and came to like you know that was a line of thinking that we took and then remoteier.com was the only domain available and we wanted a com domain.Craig Vintcent: And have you just in terms of fun are you bootstrapping this yourselves or you got funders orHassaan Ahmad: bootstrapping.Craig Vintcent: bootstrapping?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mark Gibson: So what were you doing before this?Lawrence Flude: Listen.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh selling sus.Mark Gibson: Selling SAS,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mark Gibson: right? Who did you sell SAS for? I imagine they're your first customers.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh they aren't actually. So I've always sold enterprise and I was selling for an plan which is a B2B software.Mark Gibson: I know I know some of the founders at N Plan. Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Then I was uh before that I was at a scaleup called Multiverse. So that's unan Blair's scaleup you might have heard.  
00:27:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um then before that I was at Moody's and Standard and Force.Mark Gibson: good. Good. What? And what roles? What asHassaan Ahmad: I just grew through the ranks like literally started from the bottom and uh came up to major major A. Did a couple of leadership roles but didn't really I like being close to the action. SoMark Gibson: cool?Hassaan Ahmad: yeah,Mark Gibson: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: Mark, I had a comment about your clay plan. Um, I assume you guys have done that before.Mark Gibson: Uh, we didn't get to it before.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No, in your previous roles, have you have you had success with it?Mark Gibson: I haven't used clay before.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Then who's how did you reach that decision to use thatMark Gibson: This is an off. This is a company we're going to work with that is going to we're going to operate it, but they're going to show us how to do it.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mark Gibson: And there's plenty of them out there.  
00:28:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mark Gibson: Tons of tons.Craig Vintcent: Hassan, I'm interested to hear. It sounds like you there's aLawrence Flude: YouCraig Vintcent: loadedLawrence Flude: got somethingCraig Vintcent: questionLawrence Flude: toCraig Vintcent: there.Lawrence Flude: tell.Mark Gibson: That'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mark Gibson: a loaded question. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm not gonnaCraig Vintcent: What do you you guys use,Hassaan Ahmad: We don't use clay or anything. We've used it before andCraig Vintcent: right?Hassaan Ahmad: um if I can save you some money, I'd love to. ItCraig Vintcent: YouHassaan Ahmad: doesn't.Craig Vintcent: don't think it's worth worthwhile?Hassaan Ahmad: I don't think so. NotCraig Vintcent: Interesting.Hassaan Ahmad: anymore.Craig Vintcent: That's interesting. And just as a matter of interest, what's uh it's it's pretty timely pretty timely feedback. Thanks.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Lawrence Flude: You got Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I I I likeCraig Vintcent: asLawrence Flude: ThisCraig Vintcent: you'reHassaan Ahmad: ILawrence Flude: isCraig Vintcent: asHassaan Ahmad: ICraig Vintcent: you're about to pull the trigger.  
00:28:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: would break this down logically for you, right? You guys are all very senior leaders in your previous roles, right? You have the right titles which get people excited. How many emails, cold emails that you get?Mark Gibson: Hundreds of them.Hassaan Ahmad: How many?Craig Vintcent: So, how many emails do we send or get?Hassaan Ahmad: HowCraig Vintcent: Sorry,Hassaan Ahmad: many cold emails do you getCraig Vintcent: inbound.Hassaan Ahmad: inbound? Yeah. From other vendors trying to sell you stuff.Craig Vintcent: Oh gee. Plenty. Gee. FiveHassaan Ahmad: How manyCraig Vintcent: aHassaan Ahmad: doCraig Vintcent: day.Hassaan Ahmad: you meet?Craig Vintcent: Five a day.Hassaan Ahmad: HowLawrence Flude: How manyHassaan Ahmad: many youLawrence Flude: is aCraig Vintcent: How do I read? None.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. ThenCraig Vintcent: ExceptHassaan Ahmad: what makesCraig Vintcent: remote.Hassaan Ahmad: you thinkCraig Vintcent: Except remote.Hassaan Ahmad: yourCraig Vintcent: ExceptHassaan Ahmad: email?Craig Vintcent: remoteia. Except remote.Hassaan Ahmad: So, so Craig, the question is, what makes you think people are going to read the emails that you're going to send them?  
00:29:36
 Mark Gibson: Oh, I I I tell you the reason why. Because 99% of the emails that come in a door are s***. That's why. And they're, you know, oh, they're AI generated. They're still s***.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mark Gibson: SoCraig Vintcent: So,Mark Gibson: they'reCraig Vintcent: we Mark, I'm going to listen here.Mark Gibson: Yeah.Craig Vintcent: I'm going to listen and I'm going to go on mute so I don't interrupt Hassan. Um, what Assan is saying is that clay may not be worth using. So, I'm going to try and dig into that a little bit. So if I double click on that and I say to you Hassan, we the people we are try about to pull the trigger with have guaranteed 120 meetings in 120 days or money back guarantee.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, 120 days, you don't have the meetings. You're 120 days from now, but you haven't really seen any results.Craig Vintcent: We they pay they they refund us.Hassaan Ahmad: Fine. But what what does that cost you in terms of lost revenue, lost opportunity, lost time in front of customers?  
00:30:33
 Mark Gibson: Um, I don't think it's cost us anything because it's something that you uh that you do in a couple of hours a day. And uh, you know, if if we get so if we get um 10 meetings a week, if we get 10 meetings a week, we're going to learn uh a lot from those 10 meetings. So, you know, I don't think there's any downside. And if it doesn't work in 90 days, that's okay. It's been an experiment. I'm afraid I'm afraid I don't have the magic wand thatLawrence Flude: I'd like to know. Her son seems to have a some sort of wand.Hassaan Ahmad: ILawrence Flude: WhatHassaan Ahmad: don'tLawrence Flude: do you recommend in its place? HassanMark Gibson: No, it's a PLG wand. That's whatHassaan Ahmad: look my my thing with Clay is I've I've seen this I've done that for clients and I've seen that with clients. There was one that I was talking to two weeks ago was sending 4,000 emails a month. They had somebody sending 4,000 emails a month.  
00:31:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: They were getting two meetings a month, right? And it's everybody uses the same stack, right? It's the same process flow.Mark Gibson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You get your ICP from Sales, you put that into Clay, you get full enrich or Clay credits or whatever that is to enrich that with the right data. So you get the right triggers on when was their last funding, when was theirMark Gibson: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: last raise,Mark Gibson: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: what their seniority is, etc. I mean, it's typical typical, right? There's there's no science to that. But what happens then is it's you plus a 100 other people, 100 other vendors using the same same tags, asking Clay to run some sort of personalization and personalize the message based on those tags. for that person. Now, if you put yourself in the shoes of that person, they're getting a 100 emails, which pretty much sound the same, right? So, it's always like, "Hey, Mark, I saw that you won XYZ customer last week. Congratulations. By the way, have you thought of this?  
00:32:26
 Mark Gibson: So yeah, let him fly.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Lawrence Flude: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, this money back guarantee thing, um, I've been burned by it. I have seen way too many ads like it and it works for to a certain extent. I'm not saying it's not going to work. I'm just saying don't overindex on it. Do the experiment. see what you get in a month and then uh and then ICraig Vintcent: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: would love toCraig Vintcent: I mean, you know,Lawrence Flude: That'sCraig Vintcent: so so I'm I'm I'm really listening with with with a very open mind um because what you say makes sense. However, you know, to back to Mark's point, we would be doing this for two reasons. Number one, to get more appointments in the diary, and number two, to actually stress test our ICP because we don't know what it is yet. We we believe we know, but we can't be on we can't we can't say it with absolute confidence yet. It's still too early to say that.  
00:33:22
 Craig Vintcent: You you're off you're out of time. Han, are you are youHassaan Ahmad: ICraig Vintcent: are you okay?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I've got a meeting to get to, but I can do five more minutes if that's okay.Craig Vintcent: SoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Lawrence Flude: that catches amongst the pigeons. We need to we need toHassaan Ahmad: Actually, I'm really enjoying this conversation because this is this is like I have them five times a day. Great. Um, I've been where you are, right? I wasCraig Vintcent: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: there. I'm still there, I would say. Right. I'm always stress testing my ICP and whatever. You're going to spend I think clay costs what? 600 a month plus you get credits on it.Mark Gibson: Not that much. Not that much. But anyway, it's expensive. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's expensive, right? youMark Gibson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you would be out of pocket, I think a,000 a monthish when you factor in the money that you're going to pay to the agency to set this up, train you, etc., etc.  
00:34:12
 Craig Vintcent: Heat.Hassaan Ahmad: My recommendation, spend the same thousand on running some LinkedIn ads for yourselves, right?Craig Vintcent: personal our own personalized LinkedIn ads.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. They don't have to be personalized, right? It's it's a method that I've used.Craig Vintcent: Sorry, not personalized. Sorry,Hassaan Ahmad: It'sCraig Vintcent: IHassaan Ahmad: aCraig Vintcent: mean LinkedInHassaan Ahmad: methodCraig Vintcent: ads,Hassaan Ahmad: thatCraig Vintcent: butHassaan Ahmad: we'reCraig Vintcent: atHassaan Ahmad: havingCraig Vintcent: your atHassaan Ahmad: thisCraig Vintcent: yourHassaan Ahmad: conversation.Craig Vintcent: targetLawrence Flude: That'sCraig Vintcent: audience. Yes.Lawrence Flude: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, so that's the method that has led to this conversation, right? Do that. Run some ads, spend the same thousand and see what kind of leads you get. The leads that you will get will be qualified. They will be they will be better suited to your persona, right? And you will get maybe one or two of them a week, but they will give you much better much better  
00:34:53
 Craig Vintcent: Traction.Hassaan Ahmad: quality data that you're looking for.Mark Gibson: interesting. I've run LinkedIn ads before and I've had crickets.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mark Gibson: Absolutely crickets. So, I'll have to go back and have a look at what you've done and we'll just model what you've done.Craig Vintcent: Oh, your your your LinkedIn ad to get us onto this call was was uh you know was was the reason we're here, right? So, it worked.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. That's what I'm saying. Proof isLawrence Flude: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: in the pudding.Craig Vintcent: Yeah.Lawrence Flude: I thinkCraig Vintcent: Got it. Got it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Craig Vintcent: This has been really helpful. You're you'reHassaan Ahmad: ICraig Vintcent: late forHassaan Ahmad: couldCraig Vintcent: yourHassaan Ahmad: doCraig Vintcent: nextHassaan Ahmad: thatCraig Vintcent: meetingHassaan Ahmad: forCraig Vintcent: andHassaan Ahmad: youCraig Vintcent: weHassaan Ahmad: ifCraig Vintcent: appreciateHassaan Ahmad: you wantedCraig Vintcent: your time.Hassaan Ahmad: me to.Craig Vintcent: WhatHassaan Ahmad: ButCraig Vintcent: is that? Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm saying I could do that for you if you wanted me to.  
Transcription ended after 00:36:03

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
