---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Luke Ireland – 2025/10/13 14:29 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:23.041Z
meeting_date: 2025-10-13T13:55:55.710Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Luke Ireland - Transcript
00:00:00
 Luke Ireland: Hi there. Hi Hassan. How you doing?Hassaan Ahmad: Luke, I'm well. How are you?Luke Ireland: Very well. Very good. Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. Where where abouts are you based, Luke? Are you all right?Luke Ireland: Southwest London.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's a really mucky weather today, isn't it?Luke Ireland: Um I've not looked down. So I'm actually sat in my kitchen at the moment because because it's it's it's start the Christmas season has started and there's about not for me. Well, maybe not.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Luke Ireland: Maybe they are for me, but there's lots and lots of parcels being delivered every single day now. Um yeah. Um it's not particularly nice looking. And don't That's not raining though, is it? It's just a bit gray and miserable out there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's that, you know, with rain I'm fine because at least that gray then makes sense. But yeah, right now it's just typical winter for us.Luke Ireland: Yeah. Yeah.  
00:01:32
 Luke Ireland: Yeah. Where are you based?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm uh I'm in London as well, so I'm uh right now I'm in a region spark.Luke Ireland: Okay. Cool. Lovely. Yeah. Lovely.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, good. Luke, thank you so much for uh booking some time with us. Really appreciate you reaching out and wanting to talk. So um I did send across an agenda but typically the way I run these meetings is you know I really just want to anchor into what what is it that you're trying to do right we've done some researchLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: on Kenta you know I have a basic understanding of what Kventa does you know the space that you're playing in and so forth but from from your perspective what I what I really want to understand is what revenue like what are you targeting what what outcomes you're targeting what is revenue you're after and then what is it that you're trying to do it today.Luke Ireland: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: What does the system look like today?  
00:02:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: And then we can kind of go into a conversation about, you know, what we could do to potentially help you.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Does that make sense?Luke Ireland: Yeah, for sure. No problem at all.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. All right. So, let me just really quickly give a quick intro to myself and then it's uh it's all about you. So, I'm Hassan. I run sales. I'm the founder of Remoteier as well. Been doing this for about well been doing this for Remoteier for about a year, but in sales I've been about 15 years. Um, I've sold everything from B2C SAS to B2B SAS to kids toys to pharmaceuticals. Right?Luke Ireland: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: So, I have a really wide breadth of experience. And what I'm trying to do with remoteier is to help smaller companies, one achieve product market fit really quickly. Once they have achieved product market fit, chart a path to predictable revenue by giving them access to the data and the tools that they need to to understand exactly what their customer acquisition cost is and then kind of  
00:03:12
 Luke Ireland: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: take them through the journey of knowing what it costs them to bring a customer in so that they can then plan on you know their resourcing their um their investment decisions and so forth. The way we do that, we could get into it a bit later, but that's that's us.Luke Ireland: Okay, cool. Great. Makes some good tell you a little bit about us with the help.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Luke Ireland: So, so we're a B2B SAS platform. We target hospitality, event management. Um, our clients are 90% hotels, I would say. Um, we have some football clubs that are customers. We've got some cricket clubs, we've got some pubs, we've got some restaurants, but most of our clients currently are hotels or hotel groups. And um we are, you know, building out an end to-end event management platform all the way from inquiry management all the way through to postevent feedback. So um and we, you know, sell that to most major hotel chains in the UK. Got aboutund 60 billion customers representing just short of 400 venues.  
00:04:13
 Luke Ireland: Um and um uh AR has just hit 370 376 say so you know that's and we've been increasing our pricing quite rapidly over the last year as we've been more confident about our ability to get deals. Um so you know we've got some customers that are having it for a song and some c and more recent customers that are paying you know the full price for a product or there thereabouts. um which is um it's about 2,200 unless it unless they sell tickets and so they do ticketing we get we charge a fee per ticket they get obviously we get revenue on top of that and they do feedbackHassaan Ahmad: What's the ACV look?Luke Ireland: we get them 500 quid a year but there's basically two products there's the entry level product which is around about 1,200 a year they pay up front or um bit more expensive obviously they don't and then the other to home product which is about two about £3,000 if they buy it up front for the there a little bit less if a little bit more if they don't.  
00:05:12
 Luke Ireland: Um, so depends on the venue.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Luke Ireland: Most most hotels will take the higher end product.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I was looking website.Luke Ireland: Um, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry. Looking at your website and I saw some great names. So, Marriott, Leonardo, etc., etc. They must be multi multi- venue, right? So, is that tens of thousands orLuke Ireland: Yes, the hotel market in the UK is interesting. You know, there's Leonardo is an exception. Leonard, there's Leonardo's Malmes on Hotel. They're chains that are run by a single entity that owns that runs all the properties.Hassaan Ahmad: Go. Gotcha.Luke Ireland: Um the other brands, Marriott, Holly, and all the ISG brands and Hilton who are also a client, but we can't talk about them on the website. Um they are um they have a mixture of um of brandowned properties. So Hilton have 52 of their own properties in the UK that they manage and then there's 130 other Hiltons that are managed by property management companies.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh s***.  
00:06:07
 Luke Ireland: So you know and Hilton like many don't insist on systems. So you know if you're a franchisee you have to use the same property management system for booking rooms but everything else you don't have to do anything.Hassaan Ahmad: What?Luke Ireland: So so it's an interesting market from that point but we're in about 30% of Hilton's own hotels in the UK. some some of them aren't suitable uh for our system and don't do events. Um but for the ones that do events, we're we're pretty much in all of them.Hassaan Ahmad: gotcha. So 160 c odd customers about 376,000 in revenue.Luke Ireland: Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: And I say, you know, we've got some clients that are paying 40, you know, significantly lower amounts of money because they're they're old clients that that helped us when we when we were when we were nothing and weHassaan Ahmad: Of course you'd have full spectrum. Yeah.Luke Ireland: we had nothing to show which the demo demo software. So, you know, that's the way it go.  
00:06:56
 Luke Ireland: But new clients typically maybe two and a half thousand ACV on average for new clients.Hassaan Ahmad: gotcha. All right. And where you going to grow it, too?Luke Ireland: So, target is a million within the next 18 months.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: Uh we just got another contract from a client for 104,000. So that should take us to just near nearly 500,000 over the next couple of months.Hassaan Ahmad: All right, great. And uh what's uh what's the strategy to get to that million? So you've got double your revenue essentially.Luke Ireland: Um yeah, so expand our feature set. So it was a couple of extra fe modules that we need to build build that end to end platform. One of which is nearly finished and the other one we're just raising funding to to get developed. And um yeah, and then you know that'll take it. We don't we only need another 300 venues at our current ACV to get us to to get us to a millionaire, right? Only it's easy.  
00:07:49
 Luke Ireland: Say take say take say take say take say take say take say take say take say take say take say it quickly. It's really easy.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Luke Ireland: Um but we're also expanding our custom base. Right. So we we sell to hotels mainly but we are we're in five football clubs now ranging from Premier League right down to League Two. Uh we're in two cricket clubs. We're in no rubber clubs. So there's lots of opportunity for us to grow using the references of those existing clients.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh.Luke Ireland: Um uh but but our focus will still be host. We could do it of hotels for sure. There's enough hotels in the UK that that do events. And by events we typically mean weddings, corporate events, life celebrations, that sort of thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And what does your sales cycle look like? Is it self-s serve or do you does somebody have to take somebody through them?Luke Ireland: It's all salesled growth. We have an outbound sales team that does that does cold calling for us.  
00:08:37
 Luke Ireland: Um that's that's we actually outsource that to someone because we just find that we found that anyone who's good at that job doesn't want to do it for more than six months.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Luke Ireland: So we we let somebody else worry about that problem.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: Um you know myself and my co-founder are the best at giving demos of our products.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Luke Ireland: Um you know you've sold software software yourself. you know that there's certain ways of selling software and and if you and if you're you know aware of the development process and that stuff you can you can say yes to a question customer quite quickly whereas a normal sales guy can't because they just don't know the the mechanics of it all. So Andrew and I do all the demos and and you know we we convert all the sales. So we got rid of our sales team, a direct sales team. We we use an outbound agency for that which is very very successful.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, Well,Luke Ireland: And then we have uh so that basically is and then we have some LinkedIn advertising.  
00:09:27
 Luke Ireland: But on on the on that side, cold call ascertain is there a demand? Is there is there a requirement? Um send some information, call them back, get a demo. Cle key thing to us is always just get a demo. We we convert 41% of demos to sale. Uh yeah well our investors would say how about the ever for 59%. Uh but you know yeah that's what we do. Um you got to get there as an entry part cycle. There you go. So which we're good at converting. If a if a venue is an is our ICP I they are hostility venue that has just more than two events per month that hosts events of more than 25 people that serve food.Hassaan Ahmad: heatLuke Ireland: We will do something that that will will deliver ROI for us for sure. Typically 20 20x ROI is what we we aim at for most of our clients. Uh and they they most of them see that because we do different things.  
00:10:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: Wow, that that's absolutely when I looked at your platform looked like to me it looked at least from your website it looked like a way to orchestrate the entire customer journey from the booking to themLuke Ireland: We do you know we do we save save labor and admin time. We save food cost. We increase revenue. There's lots of different things that we do.Hassaan Ahmad: actually leaving a tip. I don't know if you guys do payments or not, but you know, right?Luke Ireland: We do do payments. Yeah. We do we do about 10 million pounds of payments a year.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Luke Ireland: So yes. So yeah, we we we do do payments. Not not for every client but for a growing number.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. Okay. Look, that's an incredible story, right? Um, you've had quite a bit of success. So, where where did the interest in remote come from? What are you trying to Okay.Luke Ireland: We talk to everybody. Well, I talked to everybody almost that that I there's always ways we we can do things differently probably and and we're not um you know, we're not getting all the clients that we want.  
00:11:16
 Luke Ireland: We could always grow quicker. So, always looking at opportunities to to talk to people to see whether that's an opportunity for us to to help us grow quicker. Now, the key thing for us is always, you know, we want to get to a millionaire r with less than seven people.Hassaan Ahmad: It's amazing. All right.Luke Ireland: That is that is that's what I want to do.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Luke Ireland: And um you know we're there's only four there's only four of us at the moment. So we're not we're not far off that dream. Uh so uh you know I don't want a big army of people. I don't think you need one. Um I think that that just with the right products and the right sales strategy we we can get to the numbers we need to get to.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, let me share my screen with you.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so there's a reason why I was asking all all these questions and I typically like to do this, right?  
00:12:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: Just to kind of anchor ourselves into well to make sure that we're talking the same language, right?Luke Ireland: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: So, this is a simple calculator that I use, right? So, I've put in your average contract value is 2500. Um, how many meetings to qualify opportunity if you're getting I I assume you're getting qualified leads, so you don't really care about that.Luke Ireland: Well, they've been qualified by our by our cold call team. Yeah, correct.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. But do you pay by lead or do you pay Okay.Luke Ireland: No, we pay we pay per day. We don't we don't pay per lead, we pay per day.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and do you know how many calls or how many meetings does it take them to create an opportunity?Luke Ireland: Uh not that many. It's normally it's norally initial call, send some information, which we do, and then another call. So, you know, two calls um you know, it might be three if they need to need to time to think about it, whatever, but normally two.  
00:12:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, fair enough. Okay, that that sounds reasonable. So yeah, so 2500 ACV two meetings turning into what opportunity of which you close half roughly half you want to close 500k additional ARR this year which means you've got to close 200 deals year or 17 per monthLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right at your pipeline cover of 2.5% which is roughly what it is you need to create 1.25 25 in pipe um in the year or 100k in pipe every year which qualifies which translates into roughly 42 meetings sorryLuke Ireland: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: 42 opportunities which is about a three meetings.Luke Ireland: Sure. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Luke Ireland: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Does the math make sense?Luke Ireland: Yeah. Yeah. It does. Yeah. Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Are you hitting that run rate?Luke Ireland: No. Um we this month will close probably uh October.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. How far off are you?Luke Ireland: I think difficult to say in terms of actual opportunities probably 12. But some of those are multi multi-sight opportunities that will then be that are on trials that will become multi-ight in the future.  
00:13:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Luke Ireland: It's not necessarily a straightforward, you know, we got one venue, one chamber, we're running a trial at the moment. They got 21 venues, you know, that's successful, which looking like it is, and there'll be 21 venues, but at the moment it's one venue. So, you have to you have to sort of um factor that in effect.Hassaan Ahmad: that's One deal could be that's basically the one with 21 venues is 21 deals. So you could do your whole month.Luke Ireland: It could be effectively. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. All right. So roughly we're aligned then.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um so my approach or my view on hitting these aggressive revenue numbers is as follows.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: There's only one or two things that you could do. The first one is increase your ACP, right? which you do by going after bigger fish or you just increase the velocity.Luke Ireland: Yep. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: And increasing velocity is much harder than increasing ACV.  
00:14:47
 Luke Ireland: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And in order to increase the ACV, you need a couple of things. You've got some really good metrics there. So 20x ROI is just amazing, right?Luke Ireland: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: what what you need to do and you know to an extent you're already doing that in your website is to tell that story better in a way and tell it sooner so that the person that you're talking to can start building that business case quicker right um before I elaborate on that who's your typical persona like who's your first point of contact or first point of entry within your organizationsLuke Ireland: Yeah, it can vary massively to be honest. Typically be event sales manager or event manager, but it could be health and safety, it could be GM, it could be anyone really. There's lots of different people that we talk to.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. So, my approach that's that's kind of what I thought it is. So, the what what I specialize in and what remote specializes in is that is elevating that conversation higher, right?  
00:15:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: So going to the GM, going to the CFO, going to the head of finance, the people who actually care about ROI, the people who actually care about improving the productivity from their teams because they are the ones whoLuke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: have to deal with employee churn because of admin, they are the ones who have to deal with, you know, any complaints, any refunds, etc., etc. They own the P&L and we go after the P&L owners.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The way we do that is by crafting a narrative at the very start that is optimized for that team, right? for that budget holder. So, your website is amazing. It's one of the best that I've seen so far, right? But one of the things that I think we could do better is if we go to your homepage, right, you said save time and boot boost profits. That's great, but how and why is that important and what's the challenge and so forth, right? So, you go from you start from a value, but then you go directly into features.  
00:16:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, so it's that it's basically features over here. So, so it's that kind of flow that we first work with, right? We tell it, we specialize in telling a story which is, hey, this is why you should change. This is what's broken. This is our point of view on why that's broken. This is why we've developed this solution and this is what the solution looks like. Yeah. By telling that story quicker and by anchoring that into the outcomes, what we're able to find is that we're driving much higher kind of one much higher altitude of conversations. And number two, you can then change those conversations into bigger deals quicker, right? And then we run the whole outbound um service. So you've got some campaigns going. Are you running them yourself or is that your out?Luke Ireland: No, we have an agency run to the LinkedIn stuff for us.Hassaan Ahmad: So if you wanted to bring us in, you know, we could take that on as well.  
00:17:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: So we do the messaging, we do the end-to-end management of your campaigns. Um, and then we would the outcome that we would anchor ourselves to is exactly what we've talked about. So it's the velocity, it's the number of deals that we're uh number of leads that we are delivering to you as well as the quality of those leads. Right? So we hold ourselves to that the persona that we're talking about. So, it's going to be GMs, it's going to be the P&L owners, and that's who you are going to be having those conversations with. Make sense?Luke Ireland: Yeah, sure. Sure. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Y um I don't know how aligned that is with what you had in mind.Luke Ireland: Yeah. Um, yeah. I mean, I didn't necessarily have anything particularly in mind. We we know we we we have got a number of different landing pages being produced. Now the challenge we have for this initial landing page is all our all all our users see it's how they log into the system.  
00:18:25
 Luke Ireland: Um so we're always we're a little bit reticence about making it obvious that we potentially we could be they could be losing their jobs because they use our system. It's always one of the things event managers always say it's all if I save six hours on event per event that I've been you know then but that's reality right unfortunately for for for lots of people that um you know that we are we do save costs so um you know generally what happens is the event manager has more time to focus on sales that's what we we always say and or or giving great guest experience I mean that's the reality people lose their job they just do different things so um you know yeah I mean I'm happy to see a proposal on it for sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. What would you like to see now?Luke Ireland: I guess we just like to see what what your what a three month pre six month plan would look like from you. What you think you do would do for us at a high level and what sort of cost it would be.  
00:19:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. I actually have something that I can share with you now.Luke Ireland: Excellent. Cool. Good. on Google. It doesn't use Google Meets, but but but but using Teams has its challenges as well. So, let's not let's not pretend it doesn't.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I like Google because you know it's just smart smarter I feel but then it has these issues. So um can you see my screen?Luke Ireland: Yeah, for sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So this is a typical process we run right. So it's we we divide it into three phases. It's foundation, execution, validation and then acceleration. Right? The foundation phase is focused on that messaging on on getting the narrative right enables you to get into more sea level conversations.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Right? It's how we tell the story. It's the design element of it. It's, you know, how we're setting the creatives. That's everything that's covered in the foundation phase. I've written four weeks because typically what we do is rather than us trying to guess at something, we would start off with doing some customer interviews.  
00:20:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: So we would ask you to connect us with a couple of customers. We would take the case studies and the material that you already have on your website. We'll try to understand how the customers are perceiving the service and the value that they have gotten from Creventa. Right?Luke Ireland: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: It's great that you say that, you know, it drives 20x ROI, but how So it's getting to the bottom of that and getting to the words that the customers themselves are using to describe one the pain that they were experiencing and two the gain that they have had from you. It's extracting that it's putting that in a narrative that we do typically takes us about depending on how quickly you can give us access to those things about two weeks to do it. Can take up to four weeks. After that, what we do is we take some of the money that we take from you actually and we validate the message ourselves. So, this is us investing into our own messaging to validate the metrics for you.  
00:21:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, we don't ask you for incremental ad spend or anything like that, right? You're already paying us a retainer. We take that and we would validate our own messaging using that. The goal of the execution and validation phase is one to see which version of the message is landing the best. It's to identify the creatives. It's to identify the landing page that maximize conversion at the right quality and in the right quantity that we want. Yeah, that typically takes about four to six weeks to get it right. You've been running campaigns long enough, so you know that you know you've got to let the algorithms do their thing. But what you have at the end of that six weeks is a predictable stream of engagements that's landing in your calendars, right? You've got real world data on what your performance metrics look like. So what's your cost per click is? What's your cost per meeting? Um what is your conversion, how many meetings you're having, who you're having those meetings with.  
00:22:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: And because you have data right now, you can benchmark against that. And I don't go after the three month mark before doing those two things.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Right? At the end of those three month three months, we have a conversation and we see if we have been able to drive tangible improvement, material improvement in what you were seeing before engaging us. If the answer to that question is yes, then we just take what we're doing, we replicate that across um across the channel. So right now, I believe we're only doing LinkedIn.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We would try Reddit, we would try Meta. We would see where your ICP lives and we would go there with the message tailored for that platform to kind of increase the conversion a lot, right? Um, we're seeing a lot of interest and a lot of positive ROI coming from Reddit. So maybe that's where we would go next.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, but it depends to it. It remains to be seen in terms of the com the commercial model.  
00:23:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: This is what it typically looks like. So for the pilot phase, we take 3,000 per month plus 5% commission, right? In which you get we build your revenue engine, we prove the offer, we validate the unit economics, and we give you the first few meetings, right?Luke Ireland: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So your total investment into this is 3,000 of which we will take a certain amount and we will invest back into your ad campaigns. Yeah.Luke Ireland: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And after those three months, if you are getting more ROI than you're getting, currently getting, then we can think about um or then we'll talk about you putting in your own ad spend while retaining us. But before other than that, we don't um we don't engage after that. Okay.Luke Ireland: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Um so in a nutshell, that's what we do, right?Luke Ireland: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: If you decide to work together and we move beyond the three-month mark, then obviously I could replace your agency. I've replaced your outbound engine uh with my own seller, so I could own the whole process.  
00:24:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: I don't want to put the horse before the car. Well, card before the horse.Luke Ireland: Yeah, sure. Sure. Yeah, for sure. Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, so that's how it would work.Luke Ireland: All right. Okay. Interesting. Okay. Drop that across to me. President is interesting. So, let me think about it a couple days. just to get hold of him on Thursday and let's see where we are.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um, so you mentioned that you're using outsource agencies for both your outbound sellers as well.Luke Ireland: We do indeed. Yeah, we do.Hassaan Ahmad: Is that two separate entities or is that one?Luke Ireland: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cumbers. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Sure. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. And how's how's that working?Luke Ireland: But cold callers are fine. They're very good at what they do and you know it's a not it's a pretty thankless task. So they do pretty well at it. I mean the agency we marketing agency we're using are pretty good as well to be honest and they're not you know they're not um you know it's early days we only using we pretty much been with them pretty much actually so you know starting to see some results okay  
Transcription ended after 00:25:57

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
