---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Nick/Hassaan - Webinar – 2026/02/02 09:27 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-02-02T11:14:27.662Z
meeting_date: 2026-02-02T10:44:00.494Z
---


Nick/Hassaan - Webinar - Transcript
00:00:00
 Nicholas Clarkson: Hassan,Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, Nick.Nicholas Clarkson: how you doing,Hassaan Ahmad: I'm good.Nicholas Clarkson: man?Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. All right. All right.Hassaan Ahmad: How was the weekend?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh yeah, good. Yeah. Had um had my son's fifth birthdayHassaan Ahmad: Congratulations.Nicholas Clarkson: party, which was carnage. Um um so I'm getting rid of our fusible chat. Um can Oh, this is Oh, this is your call. Can you kick out the fusible one?Hassaan Ahmad: Let'sNicholas Clarkson: I don't think we need it.Hassaan Ahmad: see if his bro kick itNicholas Clarkson: I need to I think it tries to joinHassaan Ahmad: out.Nicholas Clarkson: everything just kind of Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think so.Nicholas Clarkson: But so I if if I if I'm controlling it I choose whether to let it in but others it just just jumps in. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: I think what you might be able to do is go into the control panel and then you can just tell it which recurringNicholas Clarkson: so  
00:02:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: meetings not toNicholas Clarkson: yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: attend.Nicholas Clarkson: Especially a third party sometimes, you know, they don't want that or they find it rude.Hassaan Ahmad: I've never had a with it to be honest.Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Nobody I I think people just take it as a given that you know somewhere a noteaker is going to beNicholas Clarkson: I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: working.Nicholas Clarkson: In the States, it's there's a whole different thing. Like I even we we've done pictures where people don't even show their face on camera deliberately. So I had like seven attendees. No one shows their face. And it's a thing in the states because they want to do other work and also there's a power uh power balance you know it's like you're pitching to us we don't need to show our faces but you you need and that's in in the enterprise world I think that's what they do in AmericaHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: um and also some of them just say look we don't even permit video recording because there's people in the background and we're so it's a slightly different scenario there you your your client base probably, you know, folks like me, you obviously don't care.  
00:03:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, done plenty enterprise as well.Nicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: Never really had a problem, but everybody's different.Nicholas Clarkson: Oh, yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. I just It's okay toHassaan Ahmad: More than that, it's just a power thing that people just wantNicholas Clarkson: say.Hassaan Ahmad: to appear to be in more in control and to be calling the shots.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Well, I like the I mean, Gemini seems to do it well. Now, it's um you know, it's not it's not a participant, you know. So, that's that's the way. It's just transcription. We don't even need the video. It's just just taking notes of what what was discussed and that's it.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Nicholas Clarkson: That's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: Anyway, how's yourHassaan Ahmad: it's pretty good.Nicholas Clarkson: weekend?Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so I had some relatives over, well, my wife's relatives over. They were visiting the past week.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So we had a whole bunch of entertaining them.  
00:04:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: Then we had somebody else come on a Sunday plus like kids duties. So my son's now at a place where he wakes up and he's like, "Oh, I want to go soft play." And we're like, "All right, let's go soft play." And uh just activities were there, which is pretty good because I'm putting in, you know, maybe 12 hours a day, six days a week. So, it's good to kind of get away and not physically have the capability to do anything because he just wouldn't.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Your kids are kind of they bring you back, you know, they you have to try and be pre even if sometimes you're not you're physically present but notHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: mentally present. You have to like no this is separate.Hassaan Ahmad: He doesn't let me play with my phone when I'm with him. If I have my phone,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: he's be like, "No phone, no phone.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. that's even on you, you know, where you're there but you're coasting, you know, like it's like no, I'm in the moment and this is precious time, right?  
00:05:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: And actually, it's helpful because it takes you awayHassaan Ahmad: definitely is. I'm grateful for that.Nicholas Clarkson: fromHassaan Ahmad: And you know, it's when I actually put my phone down and look at him, I'm always happy that I've done it because otherwise, you know, I wouldn't know and I'd miss that and he's going to be 10 years old and having his own life.Nicholas Clarkson: Exactly. And you'll be trying to get his attention and he won't want it because he's like,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: "Well, you never you never gave it to me." So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I mean, giving him cuddles now is a negotiation.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Like you have to talk to him and negotiate with him. Hey, can I give you a cuddle? Nope. Okay, you know, I do.Nicholas Clarkson: you're getting one anyway.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. But hey, so quick campaign update. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: the video stuff is working.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The response is four times better.  
00:06:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, we've gone up from I think the the one that we did previously wasNicholas Clarkson: Wow.Hassaan Ahmad: 1.5% something, which was terrible. the video that Roland put up on Thursday. The first one is at 4.6 4.7. So, it's already doing much better. The second one hasn't had that much time to do anything because that was Friday, mid Friday when I boosted it. Give it a week and we'll see how it works.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: But four times I would take it, you know, we'll keep it. It's just LinkedIn is now,Nicholas Clarkson: Wow.Hassaan Ahmad: and I guess that's most platforms now, they are preferring real content. They're preferring things that drive higher engagement and a person on a video just does. You combine it with a good message that gets people to just stop and let the playNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that's get the attention. So, we'll let it run for another week.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And then what I'm thinking is um we should layer that.  
00:07:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: So that's already driving people to the page, that's already driving people to the website. What we should then do is looking at the numbers um put together something else like a middle of a funnel asset that we can then retarget with. So people have seen the video, they now have an awareness of what Fusible does, what problem you're solving and then maybe educating them a little bit more on why that's important.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So something that we could do if we can, you know, depending on the conversation today is actually start targeting them with adwords to or some promotion to the webinar. If we can decide on a date and we can decide on a topic, we don't have to do it today. we have a week or so to do it, but that could be the next thing that we do. It's all about moving them along that progression from awareness to consideration to concern.Nicholas Clarkson: Can't we just hit hit them up with a different asset?Hassaan Ahmad: We can we we definitely can and we will,  
00:08:26
 Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: right? It's all about circulating things. So, we never want to target them with one thing. The algorithm gets bored of that really quickly. So, we want to target them with a couple of different things.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we'll target them with a different asset. We target them with a webinar. It's all about moving them along the progression. You think about how you make any purchases, even on a personal level. I don't know if you're into tech or whatever, but if I'm into tech, I would start looking at Apple's website way before I make the decision. Get the website, then I'd start getting some ads.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Then look at the website again. that I probably read something, watch a video, something. So, it's all about moving me from where I think I need something or where I'm even unaware all the way down to where I'm like, damn, I really got to get it right. And you've just got to build that up.  
00:09:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's just what B2B is. Um, so that's what we do. And I think we've got some good momentum now. I think the videos are really good. The webinar is going to be really good. The new website is amazing. Um, so we'll We'll think of ways to showcase that website a bit more. Some screenshots maybe.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh we talked about doing like little snippets. So this is just one thing that you do, right? And then we'll see how thatNicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: goes.Nicholas Clarkson: I suppose we can reuse other assets as well, you know, like those blog posts. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: you know, like I was thinking that the other day.Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: You know, I I went into all my groups, the big ones, and I was like, post post and just just kept posting it and then it added up to about it must have been 15 20,000 impressions just by doing that. and like you know then it disappears but I could I could do it again or just like slight tweak on it and just you know  
00:10:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: it's like an hour for me to just go through groups and just literally copy paste copy paste or you can rewrite it slightly so that the it beats the algorithm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, it's just the whole thing is like, you know, I there's so much stuff we should do, but like if it comes back to me, um, I'm just back back to the same perennial problem because everybody's going, Nick, do this, prioritize this, prioritize this, and it's like, you're all right, but you're you're wrong in a sense because it doesn't add up. Like,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: I can't find that time unless it's like a burning priority.Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: You've got to get you've got to pick the fires you want to put out that day.Nicholas Clarkson: it is almost insanity.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Like that's the one thing like I love everything about what we do, but that bit that overwhelm piece is just honestly drives me to the brink of, you know, I just like I don't I don't do I don't do lunches.  
00:11:25
 Nicholas Clarkson: I just work. I take my kids to school 8:30 and I go all the way through to 5. No break, nothing. And then I do my kids and then every gap in between is is work. And this is no mental mental bandwidth. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: and you're still failing.Hassaan Ahmad: Well,Nicholas Clarkson: Like it's likeHassaan Ahmad: last night the misses came. So, after I put the kid to bed, one thing that I've tried to do is just make sure that I put him to bed till he needs somebody to because it gives me that break. So, I bring him back, the Mrs. feeds him or, you know, gives him his dinner, does his TV or whatever, and then I put him to bed. And then I just I was working again. So, he came to me at 10 p.m. She's like, "If you go crazy, I will kill you." It's like, "Okay, point taken." That's just what it is.Nicholas Clarkson: there's almost no avoiding it on some level.  
00:12:25
 Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, I think the the one thing you have is like sleep is your first line of defenseHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: really. Like insanity comes when you're just not recovering and you know because it's like you try and take away but it just you end up running out of steam actually. Just get a good night's sleep you know most days of the week.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: You pro probably just about deal with it. Um and just don't have a social life.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think it's all about just staying one step ahead of complete and total burnout. If you can do that for long enough,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: things just work.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. But yeah, I mean you like work smart as well like which you do anyway.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. One of the things that I've started doing is so I looked at the entire system,Nicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: the entire business and I asked myself a very simple question. What's making me move 10 times faster?  
00:13:24
 Hassaan Ahmad: And I looked at the people, I looked at the processes, I looked at things that I was doing. It's like, right, well, this is what my goal is. So I put my corporate hat on and I was like if there was one metric one goal that I could think about that if I accomplish that it just renders everything else irrelevant because that's the one thing I want to do and I came up with a metric with a revenue target that this is the revenue target I have to hit at this time. So it's smart goals, specific measurable action and if you deconstruct it then it has actions that you can take and I was like right all right well this is the actions that I can take this is what's going to help me move towards that looking at my entire state my entire stack what is a blocker what do I have to spend time with that slows me down and what helps me move faster so I looked at that and I did that audit And I identified a couple of people um Adil included which I just felt was slowing me down.  
00:14:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: So I was like, "All right, I'm going to be ruthless. I'm going to either try to improve you and I'm going to tell you what that improvement looks like. I'm going to move that away, right? And I'm going to use this method to prioritize every single thing that I'm doing. Take the ego out. Take the logic." Well, it's just logic. Take the emotion out. take my um whatever inhibitions that I have against doing stuff going to take that take it out going to be logical I'm going to be factual and my target is does it make me move 10 times faster or not and that has been oddly one satisfying and two eliminating because we waste so much time doing things which don't re which doesn't really move the needle I mean dep prioritize things thatNicholas Clarkson: HHassaan Ahmad: may right uh just because it feels more productive it feels more in line with whatever theNicholas Clarkson: 10.Hassaan Ahmad: values I have and so forth and hey sometimes well you know we're just going to let the data decide.  
00:15:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: So an example of that which I was working on last night was the entire team has been on my case and they're like well if somebody goes to our LinkedIn page and they go to our website one thing that we lack right now is trust and credibility right why because we don't have people associated with on the website now I've got a practical reason for not being able to associate myself with remoter on LinkedIn because of the fromNicholas Clarkson: untilHassaan Ahmad: my employment and so forth.Nicholas Clarkson: recently.Hassaan Ahmad: There's nothing stopping me from putting my face on video and I hate that. Like I do not want my face to be the first thing that somebody sees when they come to my website. And then when I thought about this using the framework that I've just described, it's like all right, what does it cost me to make a video, right? And how would I know if that actually works or not? So my inhibitions aside, data is going to be data just tells me what what it's going to do, right?  
00:16:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: I know where my current standing is. So what is my conversion at my current website? I know what my baseline looks like. All I've got to do is run this for one week, right? Changing nothing and see what the impact is.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I made a video last night at 10 p.m. Told the team to upload it. Should go up maybe one today or tomorrow. track it for seven days. If it works, we keep it, you know, and then I can be humbled by the data. If it doesn't, well, it doesn't, you know, gave it a shot. Did didn't work. So, that's an interesting experiment that I'm running and it's just helping me prioritize better.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I mean, that's that's the job is, you know, if you're top top of the org is like, how do I make everybody more efficient? Sometimes it's hard to find find the time,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: but like like we've done that with the move to Atio.  
00:17:39
 Nicholas Clarkson: It's like we're blind to the CRM is the tooling is the problem. Now we communicate through the tool and it's like we got visibility and it'sHassaan Ahmad: HNicholas Clarkson: like just everybody should know where they are. You don't want the pipeline to go stale and that my job is to just make everybody more efficient, run faster. Um I mean but you know there's so many processes that I stillHassaan Ahmad: Yep.Nicholas Clarkson: have this just deep frustration. We do this outbound and you know someone pulls a list together and it's like it's not been scrutinized properly, thoroughly, there's no intense signals and then you know you get the same result. It doesn't really matter how well you write copy if um don't you know it's like it's a you know it's a middle distance run. It's not a sprint and so you there's some things you just cannot do. So what are the burning issues right now? What moves us faster tomorrow and you know and then pickHassaan Ahmad: H.Nicholas Clarkson: them off bit by bit, right?  
00:18:46
 Nicholas Clarkson: And that's that's that but that's probably like a good as a founder to realize it'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: like I know all the things that aren't there but what's the thingHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: next the biggest impact thing and then you knowHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: it's like not not even say don't write everything down all the ideas right just keep them there for for to re be revisited right but it's like your your three threeear strategic plan you know And you're not going to do them all in month one. Um, and they'll change, but I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: you think about the right way. You back engineer it, right? You set some targets like how do I get there? Okay. Well, part of it is efficiency of the team and all the rest of it. Um, and impact.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So,Hassaan Ahmad: Who's in the team right now?Nicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Like it's you Barack Roland that I know but what's the wider teamNicholas Clarkson: Uh so there's four and a half developers.  
00:19:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: like?Nicholas Clarkson: I've got a product guy, you know, P. Um Ned Lewis, who's uh he sort of helps me raise money, but he's he's a lawyer, so he's coming in on business development. Um and then Alec Burger,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Paulona, chairman, non-exec, that's probably the the main folks, but it's a mix of full-time and fractionals. Bracks obviously fractional um channel creator you guys.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So it's that's part of my problem is that I've got these I've got lots of touch points you know and you and you that too is you know I've seen this before where you get a a line manager with 12 direct reports that there in lies yourHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: problem. Have four and then let them pick the four good ones and let them manage their own team. You know, it's it's that problem.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Too many interaction points. You become a micromanager.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I mean, if you're doing 12 oneto ones a week, that's 12 hoursish gone.Nicholas Clarkson: Um  
00:20:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: But then if you factor in the preparation that you might need to do before that and any follow-ups that you need or any actions that come off the back of that, before you look at it, it's two or maybe 3 days off your week is gone.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so it adds up.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah, exactly. UmHassaan Ahmad: So what is the one goal that you have that you want to achieve in the next 3 to sixNicholas Clarkson: soHassaan Ahmad: months?Nicholas Clarkson: uh I mean near-term Q1 is get to 10 customers. That's like I would say a very low level ambition. But I think if we get to 10 contracts, you know, $120,000 plus ARR commercial soft launch,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: it's like proven market fit and that that gets us our funding round. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: and then yeah, it's it's kind of business development traction equates to a successful funding round in a good story.Hassaan Ahmad: Sure.Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, seven. Right.  
00:22:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: Oh,Nicholas Clarkson: yeah, we're at seven and yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: correct.Nicholas Clarkson: there's a there's a few fairly good ones, but there's still not enough new leads coming in. So anyway, Ned Ned Lewis, who's a lawyer, he's actually he's going he knows my cap table and he's going back to the mall and he's and he's going lawyer to lawyer. So he's bringing probably one or two good conversations a week now.Hassaan Ahmad: That'sNicholas Clarkson: Um the chairman and the non-exec now,Hassaan Ahmad: amazing.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, we said to them, look, bring us one conversation a week. That's all we are. Otherwise, the funding round, you know, is in danger of not succeeding. So yeah, 10 10 customers equates to our I don't know 10 million valuation with a 2 million raise and with you know with that money I can go and hire get a full-time you know we don't have the the sales engine at all and we would move away from this sort of fractionalHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: approach and I I am a little bit now out of the sales process which is  
00:23:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: good so like Ned touches with touches with Barack and Roland. They do the sales demos. I try not to jump on them unless it's a a big one, fund admin or something. So, I am I the first signs I can be removed from some processes.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: I I'm hard on myself, I'm hard on the team. It's like, you know, you know, where you have to think on behalf of someone. It's like, you know, something wasn't done or it was maybe not done to the best of their ability or you didn't think in a certain way. That's that frustration. It's like just do it properly. Take your time, you know? And that's why I always feel like I have to jump in. And I know I annoy everybody, but I'm like, I'll leave you alone when I know and I trust that it's it's been done really,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: really well cuz, you know, outbound, if you if you fail in any one of those steps, it's going to fail.  
00:24:09
 Nicholas Clarkson: So, why are we doing outbound? Don't do outbound. If you if we're not going to do outbound, well, don't do outbound. It's as simple as that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: And it's, you know, there's a failure point somewhere in that process. And I feel like I'm the one that's just like,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, and I suppose it's on me. It should be on me. But that's the bitHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. But as a founder,Nicholas Clarkson: whereHassaan Ahmad: you've got to set the standard because everything the team does is a reflection of you, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And if you're positioning yourself as a serious company built by serious people who are solving serious problems, but your execution is sloppy, it just doesn't work. Right? Is one of the things that I learned very early on in my career and that has stuck with me since then is people will not remember what you do. People will not remember what you say, but they'll remember what you make them feel.  
00:25:06
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And if you're doing something that makes them feel that you're not serious, they will remember that. That will be then the association that they have with fusible. You don't want that,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: right? You you want to put your best foot forward always.Nicholas Clarkson: It's just building one of the hardest pieces of software to build. Like I never, you know, it's naivity when you first do it. Like, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: H.Nicholas Clarkson: there's endless things you could build and do. And it's a hard nut to crack, but the, you know, it's the prize. I know the price.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: This market is massive. And we even with our massive discounts you know our price point is higher than you know CRM like it's it's an enterprise we we can charge people one client pays us £1,500 a month or the cost of delivery is you know it's pennies on the pound.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: Scale that scale that and and you have the best exit multiples in the game.  
00:26:15
 Nicholas Clarkson: But that's why it's hard because you've got to get credibility in B to very largeHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: B. And so we're we're almost trying to crack the hardest of nuts, you know, uh and it say the product continuously and that that brain power for like the product is it's all on me. Like I I'm literally engineering what the product should be with that P designing it, prototyping it endlessly, talking to the dev team and it's got it tested and all the rest of it. It's like so so complicated.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So um on that thought I want to stay on this for a little bit. I'd like to set B to very large B, right? Because I've been looking at some data and I was thinking about what are some of the proof points that we could take, well, you could take to the investors to show them and convince them of the scale of the opportunity that's there, right? And I was looking at the demographics of the peopleNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: that the message is resonating with.  
00:27:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: I was just looking at it in the last 7 days. We're still opt well we're still learning. One week is not enough and we only gave it one um one thing to look at but we'll we'll see for another week or so. I was really pleased with what I was seeing and I know that this is more of a long game but what did we want to target right we want to targetNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: finance you can see my screen right so we want toNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: educate the finance audience that this is a problem worth solving correct so far in the week that we have ran well the two days, three days that we've actually properly ran this, finance is looking at it, finance is clicking at it, which is more. So, 55% impressions,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: 47% of your clicks are coming through that, which is amazing. I mean,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: legal we already knew. So, legal it's going to it's always going to be there.  
00:28:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: Business development, uh, depends on title and how LinkedIn does it. I'm not reading too much into it, but finance is interesting for me.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, this is really interesting for me. So, for some reason, this is where a lot of the people are coming from and you can see so it's Jeffrey, Seafo, Pimco, Sitco, State Street, etc., etc. Those are the kind of people who are looking at it and will have the clicks data start coming in as well. But I think that again that feeds that story that this message is resonating with B to the very large B right and once we have enough data to back it up.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: This could be something that you could take to the investors and say hey if you give us 2 million this is what's going to happen. We can put some real firepower behind it. These people are already warm. They are already ready. So we build some assets, we build a proper um go to market for this type of companies but allow us to do some development and this is the size of the opportunity and one of these contracts is going to be bigger than what you're targeting right now in terms of they're going to be four five  
00:29:54
 Nicholas Clarkson: Is Jeff Is not because we targeted them though and there's lots of peopleHassaan Ahmad: six um part of it is going to be that but we're not justNicholas Clarkson: there.Hassaan Ahmad: targeting anybody, right? So when it says Jeff over here, you have to remember the audience that we selected, right? We're only going for C to C minus 2. So CXO, VP, I don't think I'm even targeting director. I can check it, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So within that, so this is C level at Jeffre. So this is MDs. This is VPS at Jeffre that looking at it. And yes, it's a large organization. Yes, there's a lot of those people. You only need one champion. You only need one champion, right? That's all it takes to start a sales cycle. We're getting that um in terms of company industry. So, this is really good as well. So, we're getting traction with financial services, which we said we knew. Real estate is pretty good.  
00:30:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Capital markets um legal. So, good spread, good number of clicks coming in. Um so, we'll see. Again, it's too early, but I think the signs are positive and it allows us to tell that story for your race. Right now, the only goal you have is that raise, right? Is to secure that 2 million. So, you have next one to two years of runway paid for.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the story we can build. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the rest is Oh, this is interesting. This is the money slide for us. CXOs are looking at it. They're watching the video. So remember the assets that we put the video out.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: There's 37 CXOs who have clicked on that video. They watched it. Once we have enough data coming in, what we can actually do is we can uh we can start retargeting. So we can set up retargeting as well. And we can actually see what that size of audience looks like.  
00:32:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: So the data is positive, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Data is so far pointing and painting a good story. Just got to keep giving it the firepower to go and do its thing. And we'll continue refreshing the creatives. We'll continue giving it new stuff to go after, show these people, make them more aware, make them more make them move from aware to considering and then beyond.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I might um I'm working on the investor deck at the moment, but I begin to get your take. I'm just wireframing it now. Like I've no design, just get words down over cooking it and then strip it back. Um but obviously your way with word and you know you know you've got some someHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: of that intel right um because the wholeHassaan Ahmad: absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: challenge is like you want to tell them everything but you've got to tell them only otherwise people don't read a full deck. So you've got to like get essence  
00:33:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: right.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um, you've got to remember that when you start presenting, the attention span is going to be their attention levels are going to be really high in the first maybe 20 to 30 second. That's where you've got to tell the punchline, right? Then it's going to attack. Like people are going to be on their phones. They're going to be looking at their email. Just going to be checked out. then they'd straighten up again and look at your closing argument. So what that U means in terms of attention span is you've got to put the most not interesting butNicholas Clarkson: front light. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the most interesting for them piece up front to say hey've got a whatever you know TAM is X billion that's what we're going for this is a category of one you're getting it at the ground for and the deck's going to tell you why we believe what the time is, what it is, where's the opportunity, why we've done so far, right?  
00:34:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: You put that out there and you're like, you're getting it at the ground floor and you know, you could 10x your investment or this could be your 100x 100 bagger or whatever that gets attention. You know, that's when they might actually give you the brain space to tell you a story. And then it's all about justifying that story because truth is okay, right? But the story matters a lot. Story is what they will go and tell to their LPS. Um,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and that's what that's what's going to get funded, you know.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. It is a bit it is a bit of a leap.Hassaan Ahmad: YouNicholas Clarkson: It's kind of the leap of faith round, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: because you go you you can't peg us to ARRI where you're proving traction, right? and valuation is ambitious, you know, at this stage, but in the context of where it's going to go, it's it's a nothing burger, right? And and some somewhere in there, you and this is where I think I kind of I have it in my head now.  
00:35:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: What why we're fundamentally different, it's that the graph database intelligence, right? Everything is bound to the model. Imagine what you can do with it. By doing that and putting a collaboration layer you actually build it from first principles for all stakeholders and that's where all the others have missed the mark and that'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: the kind of the message where they go ah this is fundamentally built a different way. So yeah it's good to see the touch points of the market incumbents and what they'reHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: doing. Fusible has convinced me that they are offering a different fundamentally different philosophy which makes it more intuitive, more user friendly, more collaborative and it considers all of those state corridors like that as in as fewer words as possible you know as this you want that aha yes that makes sense How'sHassaan Ahmad: So that for you in my opinion is everybody's treating this as a data and a filing organization problem.Nicholas Clarkson: it?Hassaan Ahmad: You're the only ones who are treating this as a fundamental decisioning and visibility problem.  
00:36:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? Nobody else is doing it. Nobody else can do it because they don't have the infrastructure to do it. Right? So people are approaching this from bottom up. You're approaching this from top down and at the end top down is what drives value conversation.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Right? Because what's to say that you can't install Claudebot in your I don't know man your Mac mini.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Have you looked at cloudbot by the way? So it's this new AI agent thing that's just blowing up. It's insane. You install it on a computer and it just acts like an employee. But anyways, the point is AI is getting so powerful that you could throw a hundred or a thousand documents at it and it will help you organize them, stay on top of them, etc., etc., right? But what it can't do then, what you don't want to do as the CEO of even a 250 million company is look at that intel and make a decision on top of it.  
00:37:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right. As a general counsel of even a smaller company of a $50 million company, you know that your personal liability hinges on you getting this right. So, you don't want to trust any of those tools to do it. So when we look at this problem bottom up, the technology is getting so good that the bottom up stuff can be built inhouse quite easily.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: It's the top down that drives value that drives decisions which is the gap in the market. That's what you're going for. Not in a way saying hey remove diligent and get feasible in your storyNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: is almost the opposite of that. keep diligent or whatever, right? What you're missing is the decisioning layer.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Fusible is that decisioning layer. It's the decisioning and the visualization layer which actually helpsNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: decisioning in the boardroom. You're sitting and having a conversation at the board at the board tableNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: about which entities to divest from, what's going to be the impact and so forth.  
00:38:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: Where does that data come from? That's feasible, right?Nicholas Clarkson: That's it. I mean there there is an absolute flood of I call them sort of knowledge basesHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: right you give give it all the data and it'll be able to recall it and all the rest of it right the one thing that we do is like we put the architecture around it so it sits in context right and that doesn't sit in your ERP your treasury system like so in a sense we're kind of bulletproof because you can you can't replicate that but you can yeah you can ingest a million files right and ask get it to tell you stuff but yeah there's no decisioning off the back of it and in a sense yeah we're protected because it's like well this is critical data that doesn't really sit well in any of your systems and that yeah that's the message I want to get across is like actually and this is may maybe there's the educational piece because this is almost developer language graph database base is a way of working you know it's  
00:39:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: HNicholas Clarkson: knowledge is through connections it's not you know just a database it's it's relationship driven and then we bind data to it right and that that's how does a you know non-exsavvy investor understand that right it's like you're re rethinking it going you know the graphHassaan Ahmad: MNicholas Clarkson: layer but it's not a graph it's the fact that it youHassaan Ahmad: yeah I think the graph is interesting.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So any story needs to be what is it that you do? Why is it important and then how you do it right? So even though as a founder you want to talk about the how because that is the differentiator but to your point a non-technical investor or somebody who's got the attention span of a Labrador they need to first understand why they need to care about the how.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And it's that bit that you've got to engineer in these stories, right? You've got to tell them that, hey, when you've got a problem, what are you going to pull up?  
00:41:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: A database or something that gives you the information in 30 seconds or less and allows you to make a make a decision that Billings can writeNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: on. That is why you care about this problem.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That is why in feasible has chosen this problem to solveNicholas Clarkson: It's also it's also mirroring kind of like this was almost like a neuralHassaan Ahmad: becauseNicholas Clarkson: network. Think of it that way. You know the group structure is that neural network of your group right your brain if you complexity needs that sometimes visual approach right I I I go I think here therefore the data should be here not it's buried in a folder somewhere else not ar not constructed to or bound to that do you know what I mean that's actually how the brain worksHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. And and I read this news this morning which is made me think of fusible straight away. So Capgeemini, you probably know them. Um really big consulting firm.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.  
00:42:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: I think French the largest French consulting firm probably. So Capgeemini had a fire drill over the weekend where the result of which was they needed and they have decided to divest one part of their US business immediately. Why? It should be all over FT or something. Why? because that part I think it's called Cap Gemini Government Services that has got uh $5 million contract four and a half something million dollar contract with ICP in the US to help them identify and locate people for them to target. There was this backlash against ICE last week. people started asking questions to so employees internally started asking Cap Gemini leadership questions about what is it that we're doing is that ethical is it aligned with our values and their fallback was oh we didn't know the extent of that contract which probably could have been the case but the backlash was so severe that they had that meeting and they've decided to kill that business divest it immediately. Now, if you play that story back to somebody and you're like, "All right, well, you've got you found yourself in a situation like this." The world is getting more polarized.  
00:43:45
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: More and more companies are going to find themselves in situations like this. How do you make a split-second decision?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: One, get a split-second understanding of where your exposures lie and what the interconnectivity of your system and your business looks like. And how do you make a a decision in a board meeting to help you getNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: out of that situation or mitigate that risk effectively and thoroughly? Right? Good luck doing that through diligent or anything else because the time that it's going to take you to just collect that data and organize it, three weeks would have passed.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That is the problem fusable solving.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: In one second, somebody could just put it up on a screen just say, "Hey, that's the entity that's problem. These are the connections. Kill that entity and we've got to figure out what to do with these connections." Right? That's it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: ThatNicholas Clarkson: That could be that could be many things, right?  
00:44:49
 Nicholas Clarkson: It's like the the next banking crisis.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Oh, we've got a you know, everybody's defaulting, right? and you've got a loan with that bank and then that company that's borrowing from the bank has got a cross company guarantee from the parent and it's like oh my god this the the house of cars could collapse hereHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: you can see it so okay what do we need to do okay we need to renegotiate or we need to uh I don't know unwind a loan or inject some cash whatever you knowHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: like so yeah I think you're right that's where you get people go ah okayHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And you when you word it like that, people just get it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: They're like, "Oh, wait a second. It takes me to get it takes me like 3 days to get information because I'm going to ask." So, the investor is going to be thinking that I'm going to go and I'm going to ask my senior associate for something.  
00:45:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: He's going to go to three analysts. The analysts are going to put the data, put together a deck, then this guy's going to look at it, make that deck look pretty, double check it to make sure by the time it comes to me, it's correct, but the opportunity has passed by then,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: right? It's 48 hours later, I haven't had the information. The opportunity has passed. What if I could have the information straight away? Like,Nicholas Clarkson: Well,Hassaan Ahmad: now we'reNicholas Clarkson: there's the thing is infuse me. You can go in and go even the CEO you got access and you go go to that company at CFO does does this entity have any contracts with ICE in the US and he's got he's got the email in his inbox directly from the tool you know it's like you don't have to pick up the phone or anything it's just like okay I had a thought and a thoughtHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: in context and I'm telling the right people you know you're you're doing the the fire drill through  
00:46:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: the where the data lives Um but yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: the the big problem we have is the education piece, right? We get it. I I I know it's true, but it's cross functional and you know, people are probably 5 to 10 years behind the tech curve. It's like if you don't convince them, you'll still fail whether you and that that's part of ourHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think that's that's where that'sNicholas Clarkson: problem.Hassaan Ahmad: where your frustration's coming from because you're trying to explain the how to people who haven't really understood the what and the why. Got to explain that first. The how is very interesting, right? But if somebody were to come to me and started explaining how an LLM works, like dude, get the out of my face. I don't care about an LLM. If somebody comes to me and says, hey, check this out. Right? You could talk to a bot on your phone and it's gonna get your wife a present and book you a romantic dinner and order the flowers and all you have to do is just tell it that your wife's birthday is coming.  
00:47:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: Like now I'm listening.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's it's stuff like that.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So share the deck with me. I'd be more than happy to help you with with theNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: pitch.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. It's a It's probably another two, three weeks, but I'd love love your thought, you know, because that I what I need to get all the thoughts out and then and then it's the knowledge is there, but it's too much and then it needs to be,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Happy to tell you the story, mate.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. Um Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I've got a call with Roland and Barrack in 11 minutes. So, should we Do you want to this the script piece? I mean, this is super quick. We can I think we just put the outline on it.Hassaan Ahmad: M.Nicholas Clarkson: Um the the lever I have is that I know now howHassaan Ahmad: Yes.  
00:48:48
 Nicholas Clarkson: to get people nodding,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, and and we've done it with fund administrator, I've done it with CFOs, general councils, you know, um you know, it's like, yeah, the CFO is the obvious one, right? You're legally liable. You're you're why are you a secondass citizen of government's data? does that add up to you? And they go, "No." Well, I suppose they're they're shaking their head in agreement. Um, and so,Hassaan Ahmad: Huh?Nicholas Clarkson: yeah, I, you know, three or four thoughtprovoking questions for the right audience. I think we can come up with that where you I don't know where it sits but like as an as I thought that would be the opener because it's like people go oh my god this this guy's speaking my language and then it's like oh we brought a customer along and he can talk about his you know it's confirmation of some of those questions right and how they tackled them.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. I I think that's we can make that work.  
00:49:54
 Nicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: Um if we have three or four questions like that, that actually could be the advertisement that we do as well. People nodding in and then registering for the webinar.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: But the way we do it is, and I'm just going to spitball here. The way we do it is we open the webinar with those questions, right? Again, that attention you graph, 30 seconds,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: one really punchy question or two punchy questions. We tell people that, hey, this is what this is the question, right? You're personally liable. You're signing off on every decision for your second classes into your data. You know, in what world does that add up? And then we do the introductions like we've got Nick, we've got whoever, we've got Alec, Alec, Paul, whoever, we've got them.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm going to moderate the session. We're going to answer this question. We're going to try to get to the bottom of this question.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.  
00:51:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's what we do. And then we pivot to the customer first. Ask them how they feel about it, how are they dealing with that problem, etc. We can come up with some questions. Give them the first spot because people always want to listen to theNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: customer, then a peer, and then a vendor. Right? So, by the time we come to you, we've already talked about how that problem manifests every day. and whatever the title's life talk about the boardroom impact ofNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: that right what are the second third order implications of that problem slowsNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: decisioning that costs money that costs reputation risks etc etc then we pivot to you we're like hey Nick so you've been developing something you were a treasure before how do you think about this problem the one thing that you've got to do and remember and stop yourself from doing is talking about the product.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. No, no. I And I wasn't I think this is like back to it's almost 10 the 10 commandments are fusible.  
00:52:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Like I'm like this is you know back to our first principles, right? This is what our approach which is totally unique. It's it's graph intelligence, right? And it's about collab collaboration and user experience, right? you're rethinking it so that it finance, legal, boards are power users of governance because they're on risk for this data, right? And then can sort of go off on tangents to say, well, you know, you struggle to you're rebuilding data in spread spreadsheets and databases. You've got version control issues. You're communicating off platform and you should be doing it in platform. You're searching around in buried folders looking for stuff. That is not the way you think. Like the idea is to kill the concept of the folder critical data lives in context and it's immediately so things I could get I could probably come up with five or 10 of those right but the the ones where people go okay that makes without even a platform demo it's like a highle thinking these are the sorts of problems we want you to address it's like stop it filling up your outlook calendars with events that don't do anything exchanging things over email or Slack or Teams when actually it's just wasting your time.  
00:53:39
 Nicholas Clarkson: You're there to add strategic value. If we can cut that time down, then you're thinking about strategy, which is to your point about the decisioning layer. You are employed to add strategic value to your organization. Where you're trapped is in a is the iceberg problem. It's sort of 10% of strategy, 90% of admin. That's just fundamentally wrong. and the the technology is part of the problem or the lack of technology is that kind again I you know might need some guidance on without going too too far down a rabbit hole but like I don't even need to show the product to articulate that it's likeHassaan Ahmad: Go.Nicholas Clarkson: okay this is the philosophy and hopefully people agree with it Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Can I give you some mini joke feedback? Do not start with graph.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Just do not start with graph. Right. The reason is so you said a lot of really good things but you led with graph is a way ofNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: doing it or something like that right when somebody's listening to this they're not ready  
00:54:45
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: for the what yet right they're not ready for how you're approaching thatNicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: problem they want to listen to is what you said later where finance becomes a power user right that is what you leadNicholas Clarkson: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: with right that is what And then you goNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. And then you and then you goHassaan Ahmad: how right you're like hey so when I you know in my 20 years as aNicholas Clarkson: howHassaan Ahmad: treasurer always felt like a secondass citizen right I always had to rely on people being on their desks people keeping their folders clean people having access to the right tools in order to get to the information that I was personally liable for right and I was answering to my CEO for was taking me days the data I was always wrong and you know before the by the time I actually got to make a recommendation to the CEO or make a decision the opportunity had passedNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right so I just wanted to be a power user of the data that actually belonged  
00:55:50
 Nicholas Clarkson: I thinkHassaan Ahmad: to me right and so I started thinking about that so I willNicholas Clarkson: if you can give if you can give me if you can give me the guard rails on that.Hassaan Ahmad: have so let me giveNicholas Clarkson: It's whatever. It's whatever. I don't It's how how how Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Let me give you aNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Because then I then I'll write in that order because you're absolutely right. Um it's that and yeah the graph piece is more like one thing I put in the deck is about um how the how is is the strategic asset hiding in plain sight. What is that strategic asset?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: It's your corporate structure chart right that that is where teams align. And so what we do is we transform that so that it becomes sort of that doHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: you know what I mean? It's the it becomes the spine of the organization. Um but yeah, you start with Yeah.  
00:56:47
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. You're 100% right because you they'll turn off beforeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And also when you say graph like every single time you say graph I'm a finance guyNicholas Clarkson: I'veHassaan Ahmad: so I studied economics and finance studied so I became a charted management accountant and worked in finance and that's going to be a lot of your audience as well when you say graph what I visualize straight away is x and yNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: axis 2D I never go to the knowledge graph right it's a leap for me to go to Maybe I go to a knowledge graph because I understand what a knowledge graph is. These people probably don't, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Nobody's thinking of graphs in three dimensions.Nicholas Clarkson: No, no,Hassaan Ahmad: You're seven 10 dimensions.Nicholas Clarkson: no.Hassaan Ahmad: Stay away from graph. Come to it later. Right.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Always the framework I want to leave you with is is called do means is. Yeah. And the way you do it or the it's it's a way of telling the story or saying something to someone that actually resonates with them.  
00:57:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: So what you say is you start with what you can do differently. Then you come to the means. So what does that mean to you? Right? So what's the second order impact? And then you come to the is. So what is it? So the way you could do it and again I'm spitballing here is what you can do differently is actually be a power user of a data that you already that belongs to you that you're making decision of. What that means is that you can move faster rather than waiting 3 days to get decks from analysts full of mistakes. You can visually see where your intercomp relations, where your exposures lie, what are the connections and what moves if you make a decision. And the way we do it, what it is is actually approaching this problem from a top down through a knowledge graph perspective. What is a knowledge graph? It's nodes connected together. A business is not static.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's a bunch of different nodes that are moving all moving simultaneously tethered to each other through connections.  
00:59:06
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Nobody visualizes that.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's what we've done and that's what helps us see all right where a business is in context of its macroeconomic situation today. What is it tethered to in terms of its intercomp relations, its loan obligations, its tax rules, whatever happens when you disturb or move one of the nodes.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's it. Do means is. Remember that framework.Nicholas Clarkson: Do meHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Think about the problem in that way.Nicholas Clarkson: this.Hassaan Ahmad: Come up with the answers in this way and then we just perfect it till it's till it lands right. But how did it land with you when I explained it? Yeah. You see the difference?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, completely. Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I just doing things in the wrong wrong order and I if I have the guardrails,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I'll to tell it in the right order.Hassaan Ahmad: Just frameworks, right? So remember this framework.Nicholas Clarkson: So,  
01:00:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: Think about this problem and that's going to help you everywhere, right? That's going to help you in your demos.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's going to help you in your invest.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And so I feel like an a******Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: saying this, but I have to say it again and again. Nobody gives a crap about your product. until you tell them why your product,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: what is your product doing and why it's important, right? You've got to reward it. You've got to put your product in the back seat.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: You've got to put their problem up front and that's when you get them to care. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Cool.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If you're going to speak with Roland and Barack now, um, one thing that we should do is have Roland prepped and available to man the Q&A for the webinar. So, typically what happens is when a webinar is going, you've got a Q&A going on the side.  
01:00:57
 Nicholas Clarkson: Well, the the thing is we're going to record it.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay? You're not going to do it live.Nicholas Clarkson: I I mean, maybe in the future, but I don't I don't want the first one to be a car crash. So, you know, it can appear live.Hassaan Ahmad: That'sNicholas Clarkson: We've got questions coming in, whatever, you know, or we had some presubmitted questions that were asked.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, we'll record it as if it was live.Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. We'll have the questions coming in even if it's we're recording it and so forth to giveNicholas Clarkson: oh, I don't I don't necessarily because I've seen these before where people have um tried to give the impression it was liveHassaan Ahmad: peopleNicholas Clarkson: and it was so obvious to see through. So there maybe not even hiding from that. It was it's a discussion that was recorded to to watch the discussion andHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. We can do it. We can do itNicholas Clarkson: I don't I don't I don't want to be misleading but and we had some questions up ahead of that were you know  
01:01:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: asNicholas Clarkson: sent to us before this discussion so we could yeah I just that couldHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: end up looking really you know that could backfire badly.Hassaan Ahmad: necessarily. Um, I mean, we could typically when you want to do something live,Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: you do a couple of dry runs anyway, bit more commitment, but you you will do dry runs anyway in order to make sure that when you're actually filming it, it actually flows smoothly. Have a think about it. Live usually works better because people feel a part of that discussion, right? If somebody knows that they have an ability to ask a question live and be answered live, that just builds credibility faster. I would recommend we do it live. We would do a couple of dry runs. So we prepare thisNicholas Clarkson: I don't I think honestly first one I I I just don't wantHassaan Ahmad: question.Nicholas Clarkson: it to go bad. I I and I you know the fact we'd have to do dry runs is part of the problem like we can record and get some stuff wrong and cut it out and go these are the highlights of of this round table discussion right and it was it was an hour and a half but it it was we've condensed it down to 30 minutes I I just I want  
01:03:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: to I want to grow up to a live oneHassaan Ahmad: All right. Cool.Nicholas Clarkson: uhHassaan Ahmad: Look, have a think about it, right? Let me know how you want to do it. And then, um,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the next step is going to be one, finalizing a date when you want to do it. And number two, if there's a bunch of questions that you guys can come up with, that would be good. I can help you with the script. we can work on the answers together. Eight um questions especially the thought provoking the opening questions that you want.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Then we just take it fromNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I think the first thing though is this if we you know your do means is type.Hassaan Ahmad: there.Nicholas Clarkson: It's this is the the structure of the event and this is you know when Nick's talking he's going to answer put five questions in and then when you whatever what's what's the client going to be asked what what what what we approaching it from and then when I'm doing the introducing fusible say things in this order and then I can just get to work and start write writing and then if if we've got it down on paper as an outline Um, like I did that with the Mike Richards one a little bit.  
01:04:26
 Nicholas Clarkson: I I sort of thought about some of his questions and then I freestyled it, but that helped me because I kind of I knew how I was going to approachHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, you you want to sound natural is is the main thing.Nicholas Clarkson: it.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so have a conversation. Let me know who the customer is going to be. So who are going to be the attendees,Nicholas Clarkson: But I the thing is I want to start just start with this this document until it's like okay this is going toHassaan Ahmad: right?Nicholas Clarkson: work and I'm I'm behind it before I approach a customer like IHassaan Ahmad: Don't customer. Have a think about who you could approach,Nicholas Clarkson: wantHassaan Ahmad: right? So two or three people because we need titles.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah we'll pickHassaan Ahmad: We need to know how long they've been with the product, what their background looks like. We could research it andNicholas Clarkson: our first customer I think we'll get Matt Norris from Trillian Flow.Hassaan Ahmad: then  
01:05:13
 Nicholas Clarkson: He was the guy that got us the deal.Hassaan Ahmad: okay.Nicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: All right. I'm going to do some research on him. Matt Norris going to shoot across questions and then let's justNicholas Clarkson: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: uh collaborate.Nicholas Clarkson: the question the question is do we do we do do we do a treasury angle or do we do a a that's a debate. Are we trying to talk about the broad issue or we going to go focused on it's probably the broad issue, right?Hassaan Ahmad: So you said you have some deals that are looking promising,Nicholas Clarkson: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: correct? Who are they with? What departments?Nicholas Clarkson: Lawyers, treasurers, um, yeah, CF, but I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: we're only going to do it with existing clients, right? I thinkHassaan Ahmad: No. So, I'm thinking of killing two birds with one stone. Those leads are already well, those deals are already warm. They're underway. And the way you move them faster is by giving them more confidence about your  
01:06:22
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: product and so forth. The webinar is really good. So person's midcycle, you just invite them to a webinar. Tell them, "Hey, this is a conversation that we had. You might help them." You know, it reminded me of a conversation you and me are having, blah, blah, blah. Watch it from this minute to this minute. Works really, really well. So we Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: That's good. I see what you mean.Hassaan Ahmad: it just works.Nicholas Clarkson: Sorry, I thought you were saying they should join the discussion. No, no, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 100%. I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: So all right look have this is a this is a decision that you shouldNicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: make where you're seeing the opportunity. So do you want to go treasury or do you want to go finance and so forth? Have that discussion first. Let me know and then we just take it fromNicholas Clarkson: No, I think I think I would I think it should be broad,  
01:07:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: there.Nicholas Clarkson: but if we're going to bring in a customer, it might be a customer that's in Treasury and they're going to have to speak on behalf of the others. And that's okay. That's okay. Or we could,Hassaan Ahmad: HNicholas Clarkson: you know, we've got another power pay, you know, they've got 15 users or so. They use it for all sorts of things,Hassaan Ahmad: why don't we have one from finance,Nicholas Clarkson: right?Hassaan Ahmad: one from so one from treasury, one from legal.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, sure. It's just that we've had this problem of getting people on calls, right?Hassaan Ahmad: People usually show up for webinars.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: is a it's a personal branding thing for them if their company allowsNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, we'll definitely get one.Hassaan Ahmad: them.Nicholas Clarkson: We'll definitely get one, I'm sure. Question is, can we get two? And I think having a finance a finance angle and a legal angle wouldHassaan Ahmad: Okay,Nicholas Clarkson: be good. So,  
01:08:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: let's lead with Matt who's a treasurer.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: atNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, maybe we get see if the general council join as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Norris.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, yeah, I'm I'm less worried about that. I'm more like I want the script to be for me it's like I actually want to do this now because we've got something great to say and only then I'll be like right we need to get holdHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: of we need to get Matt on the court like it starts with excitement you I do that with everything it's like if we're going to do the website let's story let's start with some good designs and it's like okay now I want to write the story now let's wireframe like everything for me it's like I put the energy where when when I see the potential. So it's I just think we have a working documentHassaan Ahmad: So, what do you need from me?Nicholas Clarkson: which is you know whatever it's 30 45 minutes long and these are the sections right and Nick you're going to have to give me the questions and then when you're going to articulate fusible from this do means is philosophy write it down on an outline first and then you know and an outline what you want to get from the customer.  
01:09:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, so let's do this. I'll set up a GD dog, right? I'll chew that across to you.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, share those thoughtprovoking questions that have worked really well for you. Put them on, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I will use them as an anchor point to where the conversation needs to go, right? And then just start working from there.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: SoundsNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. But yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: good.Nicholas Clarkson: if your your guard rails will contain me to say things the way you want me to say them, that helps me because I um yeah and we can in a couple of weeksHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I think we could have the outline of that. No problem. And then we can put dates and get people involved. So you're tell you know the date the video data is is not lying right. It's saying this is the way people people getHassaan Ahmad: That's just how people consume information now.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.  
01:10:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um,Nicholas Clarkson: As much as you and I hateHassaan Ahmad: you knew more than me.Nicholas Clarkson: it.Hassaan Ahmad: I actually started enjoying it after like so I did 10 takes yesterday. I started enjoying it after the sixth take. The seventh was one that I liked but it was like one minute long video.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Nothing nothing major.Nicholas Clarkson: I think some of it's where like how overwhelmed or where your head space is at,Hassaan Ahmad: So,Nicholas Clarkson: right? You know, people say, "Nick, go to events. go to events. It's like I'm just so drowning. If if I had a bit more band, let's solve the bandwidth issue first and then I'll be like, okay, I want to prepare and and I've got something I actually got something to say. I'm getting to that point now. I know what my voice is and I know how I can articulate it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So, I'm kind of going to be ready, but whilst I'm drowning, I'm not ready. And so, the answer is no until we solve that problem.  
01:11:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: You can't just go. It's like flogging a dead horse, you know? just just keep whipping it and it's you know that that's the bit that it'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: like you don't understand it's still back to Nick and um the answer is yes but when when we fixed when we fix the bottleneck issueHassaan Ahmad: priorities does it lie?Nicholas Clarkson: right webinar is a good first step to start being a bit more public more of a public figure you knowHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Hey, it's going to be great. We're going to make sure that itNicholas Clarkson: it's like the founder discussion you know, like I go on a podcast, but I sort of only want to do that when I've been successful. You know, I feel I feel fraudulent until the point that I go, I did it and this is how I did it and here's how you can do it. You know, that's that's when I'm like I have that what you call it authenticity and that conviction where it's like, you know, you can do it too.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I hear you, mate. I Yeah, it's all right. That's uh that's where we shine, I think.  
Transcription ended after 01:12:45

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
