---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Douglas Orr – 2026/03/24 11:25 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-24T12:14:24.695Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-24T11:59:41.079Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Douglas Orr - Transcript
00:00:00
 Douglas Orr: Hello, sir.Hassaan Ahmad: Douglas, good morning. How are you?Douglas Orr: I'm good now. Good.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Where whereabouts are you based?Douglas Orr: Uh, Beckensfield, northwest ofHassaan Ahmad: Oh, do I? Well,Douglas Orr: London.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm uh exact opposite. Southeast wallet.Douglas Orr: Where? Southeast. Where? Witch.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Wage.Douglas Orr: Yeah, down by the river. Very nice.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Oh, it's uh it was very nice over the weekend, but it's just gray and mucky again.Douglas Orr: I I forgot how I got in touch with you guys or you got in touch with me. Uh do you know how that happened? I I can't remember. Or did you guys just cheekily invite me to aHassaan Ahmad: No, I detest that. So,Douglas Orr: meeting?Hassaan Ahmad: that's not the approach that I always that I ever take. I'm trying to see how you got in touch with me, but I'm guessing that either you came across my post or one of our ads on LinkedIn, which would have something to do about fixing your revenue pipeline problems.  
00:01:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: And thatDouglas Orr: Yeah, I mean yeah I mean that makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: generDouglas Orr: I mean I was I normally I get a thousand emails. Oh, sorry. Not I'm exaggerating. I get a lot of emails with you know we're going to fix your pipeline. We're going to grow your pipeline. You're going to get free leads and all that stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Douglas Orr: and I ignore 99.9% of them. Now, we are a business that has a customer base which is largely very happy with what we do,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Douglas Orr: but we are uh looking now at scaling our our revenues through a RevOps back and we're building that stack right now, but we haven't concluded that stack. the the the the bedrock of that is at the bottom we have a um spot CRM platform but we're figuring out the the other layers that sit above that in terms of what those what those technologies are going to beHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Douglas Orr: so you know the mar that's that's basically we are right now I'm exploring go to market motions and technologies that could help us  
00:02:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Are you more interested in technologies? What's what are you optimizing for? What's the problem that you're trying toDouglas Orr: the the I'm optimizing. So right now our product is not a fully self-s served product.Hassaan Ahmad: solve?Douglas Orr: So customers come to us and say I want to use your product and we they sign a contract and then we uh and then we get started. the sorry I just have to send one very urgent message from a client which I need to respond toHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Douglas Orr: uh to do so um so our our but we are literally over the next few weeks moving to a self-service model. So what does that mean for us? It means that our clients can now scale without us having to be involved. And um we want to take advantage of that scaling capability which we did not have previously and we have a great product but it people don't know about us.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Douglas Orr: So there's a marketing issue and then there is uh how do you move that qualified interest down the salesunnel and convert it to revenue.  
00:03:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. I'm going to share my screen with you. Um, where I like to run these is ground ourselves in numbers,Douglas Orr: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: work off the same, you know, him sheet and then we can get to where it where it is where we might be able to help if at all.Douglas Orr: Great. I'm just going to uh I'm just going to go over to my big screen here.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Douglas Orr: So that's um I'm look I'm I'm just on a big screen here.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Douglas Orr: Great.Hassaan Ahmad: no worries. Can you see my screen? Yeah. Okay. So this is typically the way I like to run this.Douglas Orr: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: On the left hand side, you have a quick revenue model. This is your pipeline math, so to speak. On the right hand side, what I've done is I've looked at your website. I've looked at which products you have. And we can have a very specific conversation around which product is it that you're talking about.  
00:04:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: So it's the self which one is the self-s serve one that we want to optimize for, how you're currently doing it, where the gaps, what numbers are you reporting to the board. so that if we start working together I can make sure that you know we're working towards those numbers. Make sense? Yeah. So let's start off with the left hand side then.Douglas Orr: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um what's the revenue target that you have for theDouglas Orr: Uh yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: new a million?Douglas Orr: it's let's just say uh million Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: UmDouglas Orr: AR. Yeah. By the end of this year,Hassaan Ahmad: okay.Douglas Orr: I mean monthly monthly MR of about 100 to 150 MR.Hassaan Ahmad: Is that additional or is that justDouglas Orr: Well, currently our our our monthly revenue is right now about 20 to 30K.Hassaan Ahmad: includingDouglas Orr: So, we wish to grow it to about 100 to 150K.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Gotcha. Okay. So we're targeting about 80 into 1260 and what's the contract value?  
00:05:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: What's the ACV?Douglas Orr: Uh, average contract value is about 10,000.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, fair. Now you mentioned that this is going to be selfs serve. Is that what's the ACB or what's the value of the selfs serveDouglas Orr: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: product?Douglas Orr: the self serve is people doing uh incremental purchases on the same platform. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Douglas Orr: so when somebody becomes a customer of ours, they we're we support events. So, um, the average revenue value per event is, let's say, 2,000 and, um,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Douglas Orr: so we want them to be able to do an additional 10 or 20. So, but that's is with the same customer. So, you end up with one customer, we do one event, they like it, then they say, "Okay, we'll do the rest of our events with you." So, that's where we are right now.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Douglas Orr: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So challenge that I'm hearing is getting more and more logos so that you have that funnel of people just, you know, trying to do repeat business with you.  
00:06:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: How many logos do you have? Which product are we talking about, by the way? IsDouglas Orr: So we have two we have we have two products that we focus on but we also license it to other people. So the product that we focus on is event me and conference me. So event me and conference me are appless solutions for conference and attendees of eventsHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. How many logos do you have currently?Douglas Orr: in the event space for in the conference space about eight.Hassaan Ahmad: Eight for events, four in conference.Douglas Orr: Yeah. So the sorry the revenue Yeah. So the revenue for a conference um revenue for a conference is 10k per conference. The revenue per event is about 1,500 per event.Hassaan Ahmad: And who's the ICP? So for events is that event um venues, event managers.Douglas Orr: Yes. the PE people who are organizing the events typically they are uh external people who peopleHassaan Ahmad: isDouglas Orr: hire and saying can you put this event on for me so that is event organizers and above it is conference organizers and it's the people who are putting on the shows uh so there are you know let's see if I find one of the people in LinkedIn I'll just find his title I have a hard stop at 12 I have to tell you.  
00:08:30
 Douglas Orr: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, noDouglas Orr: let me just findHassaan Ahmad: worries.Douglas Orr: is right. Uh, so yeah, one of our customers is head of marketing and brand at World Gaming is the guyHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Marketing and brand world gaming. Cool. That that gives me something to work with. Um,Douglas Orr: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: you've done this a number of times before from your LinkedIn, I could say. So,Douglas Orr: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: do you have any thoughts on what needs to happen for you to hit that revenue number?Douglas Orr: Yeah. I I think the uh I think there's obviously it's not just there's no there's no single element. There's no magic silver bullet. There is it's a combination of our engineering. Now we might be able to reach that revenue number with our existing marketing efforts. Okay. But what I want to do is to have a a funnel that is three times the size so that uh the chances of me hitting it are higher because I'm working with a larger quanta.  
00:09:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Douglas Orr: Um yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What's your current marketing or GTM approach? How are you currently going toDouglas Orr: Yeah. So currently we have an investor who is the publisher of record for theHassaan Ahmad: market?Douglas Orr: conference in the event industry and they put us in all their all their events all their conferences. we are there and um yeah so that puts us in front of most of the industry at least once or twice every couple of months. We are building a community with them right now which consists of all of their content from all their publications. So it becomes a go-to destination for insights and contacts in the industry.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. And is the challenge that you're trying to solve for then is how do you bring more of them through theDouglas Orr: But no, I think the challenge is more less. You know, we will continue to do events,Hassaan Ahmad: funnel?Douglas Orr: but we don't need to do we might do twice as many events. We're not going to do five times as many events.  
00:10:55
 Douglas Orr: The real uh gap in what we're doing is our is is everything else. the digital marketing which is uh you know it is about finding the prospects we use zoom info me um we've used we've starting exploring other solutions for data sourcing and then you know do you then use well probably maybe it's might be too expensive and it might be too complicated but things like clay to clean up the data present the data to HubSpot which then becomes the the the database of record for the motions that you're doing with people from a sales perspective as they move down the salesHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. I've got a view on this approach.Douglas Orr: funnel.Hassaan Ahmad: I find that and I'm sure you you're finding that as well. You said it yourself. You're getting 100 emails a day, 50 emails a day. Every email pretty much the same.Douglas Orr: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Douglas Orr: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Because they're all using the same tools. They're looking for the same intent signal.  
00:12:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: So launching a new product, new partnership, etc., etc. When they do personalization,Douglas Orr: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: it all pretty much sounds the same as well.Douglas Orr: it'sHassaan Ahmad: Which when you do that,Douglas Orr: exactlyHassaan Ahmad: your message is one of 50 landing in a CTO's or head of marketing's inbox. They'reDouglas Orr: but not like so so what's you know what's I mean what is what's the answer to thatHassaan Ahmad: deleted.Douglas Orr: if if you're all part of the sound of noise How do you stand out a signal against that wall ofHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's that's a great question and that's literally what my business is built on.Douglas Orr: noise?Hassaan Ahmad: So my answer to that is engineering high intent, high quality inbound interest. And the way I do that is through a combination of top of funnel awareness.Douglas Orr: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. not brand awareness, problem and solution awareness and carrying that interest throughDouglas Orr: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: through scientific approach through a funnel where people either self-qualify themselves in to taking a call with you or taking whatever action is it is or qualify themselves out.  
00:13:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: The only thing I care about is conversion at the top. Yeah, I don't optimize for brand awareness. I don't optimize for engagement and clicks and high fives and all of that. The only thing that pays my bills is people coming in through the funnel. Two out of every three meetings converting into an opportunity. And because high quality is coming in, for example, I've got you, a CEO having a meeting with me, I already know that the person's got the budget, the authority, and the need to take a decision. Otherwise, why would a CEO take the time out of his calendar and talk to me? Right? So those are the ways in which I engineer that and once we do that process well that leads to a funnel which is not as wide as you know 600 people coming in and wasting your time and triing your product. It's 100 people who have qualified themselves coming in taking the action that you need them to and that resulting into revenue. Now that's the outcome.  
00:14:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: The mechanism is and in your case I suspect it would be although I would need to go and do a little bit more research is going to be LinkedIn advertising.Douglas Orr: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We would if we were to do this we would activate that for you. So we would actively become your marketing arm but not forDouglas Orr: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: brand awareness.Douglas Orr: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: That is something you should do inhouse for growth and conversions. Yeah. My job and my focus is going to be putting revenue in through the funnel. Yeah.Douglas Orr: So, so you talked about LinkedIn advertising. Uh, you know, how is LinkedIn these days? I mean, it goes up and down in terms of, you know, it was really popular a few years ago and then it sort of became noise and then uh what how does how does tell me about LinkedIn? Why LinkedIn? Is it is it is it only LinkedIn?Hassaan Ahmad: Why?Douglas Orr: I meanHassaan Ahmad: So the other thing that I was going to do for you and I was going to suggest is what you're already doing and you've got a much  
00:15:11
 Douglas Orr: what?Hassaan Ahmad: better in than I do, which is conferences and going after the actual organizers. So you've already activated that channel. Reason I'm saying LinkedIn is because anybody and their dog now is anybody who's a professional now is on LinkedIn. Yeah. That's where they go to consume content not with the intent of wasting their time and doom scrolling but with the intent of networking with peers, learning what's new in the industry, staying current, finding a new job and so forth. So people are there with a business mindset. That's why and that's the primary reason why LinkedIn. Secondly, because you're targeting um heads of marketings and so forth, LinkedIn is the primary acquisition channel for them. This is where they're in the market to get customers for themselves, which means they're very open to and very very susceptible and very very open to um being approached. Yeah. If we interrupt them with the right message at the right time, this is part of what I engineer, they're more likely to come in through the funnel.  
00:16:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Now, you asked about firstly, do you agree with that or do you have any thoughts?Douglas Orr: I don't know if I'm just curious about Neil. Obviously, you have tools like Sales Navigator uh in LinkedIn, but I assume you do something that's slightly more sophisticated than that.Hassaan Ahmad: There's a thing that we use to get to our ICP. So, we use that for retargeting. But as I mentioned, the primary thing that I would engineer for you is inbound, not outbound. Yeah, you could do outbound yourself with a $100 subscription if you have the email addresses. So, I don't want to do that for you. Your problem is getting people in through the funnel with enough intent that they actually sign up. That's what I would do. Um, as as as far as how is LinkedIn these days, it's getting more expensive because demand is increasing for advertising, which means cost per lead has increased, which is why we don't optimize for just leads. We optimize for high quality leads. Yeah. Again, case in point, CEO having a conversation with me.  
00:17:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's what I optimize for. I don't want a marketing manager because they don't have the budget or the authority. Yeah. I want marketing director, head of marketing, you know, who's got something who's got discretionary spend or something that they could actually put in motion. Um, yeah, make sense.Douglas Orr: Makes sense. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Douglas Orr: so what's your business model? How do youHassaan Ahmad: Uh, great question.Douglas Orr: charge?Hassaan Ahmad: How much can you spend on advertising not on my fee or anything? What's your have you have you allocated or have a thought about marketing budget?Douglas Orr: I I have and I have I haven't. So what I I I'm trying to create is a flywheel here. Now the good news about events in the conference industry is the sales cycle is relatively short. It's not infrastructure. It's typically they can sign up and do the first event, you know, relatively cheaply. As I said, we intend to get it to the point that people actually just discover us, create an account, start doing their first event without even contacting us.  
00:18:23
 Douglas Orr: And that's about that's about 90 days away from that solution being,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Douglas Orr: you know, fully ready. But I even soHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Douglas Orr: the even so which means basically if I'm able to look at a 90 sale 90day sales cycle 120 days in terms of the money if I have a stripe account I get the money immediately of course but the idea is to create a marketing a marketing component that's driving enough revenue so that it is paying for itself within 120 days.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Uh 90day sales cycle you said. Okay.Douglas Orr: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: So what fuel are you going to provide in the beginning?Douglas Orr: Well, I'm doing a round of funding right now over the next three weeks. So, I expect there's a reasonable chance that I'll close a round of funding uh the next three weeks. The biggest it's half a million. The biggest chunk of that half a million will go towards marketing and sales. So, I'll probably put aside,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.  
00:19:29
 Douglas Orr: you know, for if I were to budget something like this, I would budget something like some sort of initial, you know, spend to see how it's doing. Uh, but, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Douglas Orr: of the 500, I've said nominally, uh, sales and marketing of just about 200,000. And the emphasis being on marketing,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Douglas Orr: obviously sales is critical as well, but it's it's more about marketing, getting the right people at the right place, right time. more and more of the sales can be automated. We are automatingHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Okay.Douglas Orr: thisHassaan Ahmad: How much of that is people versus tooling versus just giving to platforms?Douglas Orr: uh you know if nothing else I'll to it myself. Um you know as I said I'm already developing a a a tech stock for for the platform.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Douglas Orr: Um the the question is you know is somebody going to build this? somebody going to manage this for me? Uh, is someone got some magic secret sauce or some their own proposition that makes the proposition runs the proposition for me?  
00:20:34
 Douglas Orr: And you know the the litmus test is does this secret soft actuallyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Douglas Orr: deliver the increase in revenue within 120 days so that I can double that spend, double that spend, double that spend. That that's, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Douglas Orr: so that's that's that's what I'd be looking at. So, you know, let's say let's say 50/50. So, you know, let's say a budget of of 15,000 or 20,000 over 3 months. Half of it going on the spend LinkedIn LinkedIn spend and half of it going to somebody who's actually running the machine to deliver the leads. I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Douglas Orr: I don't know. I'm just justating what it couldHassaan Ahmad: Okay,Douglas Orr: be.Hassaan Ahmad: that's that's clear. Um, one question before I flip to what it's going to cost you and what I think you should be spending. It's not a UK specific product, right? What industry, what countries are you targeting for this?Douglas Orr: UK and UnitedHassaan Ahmad: Okay. UK, US, two of the most expensive countries to get these in. Okay,  
00:21:29
 Douglas Orr: face.Hassaan Ahmad: look, um, for a product that has a 10 grand ACV where the entry point is actually about 1,500, I think you should be getting leads around the 100 to 200 pound mark. Yeah,Douglas Orr: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: initially it is always going to be more expensive. It might be double that, maybe two and a half times that, but that's because you've never done this before. The algorithm doesn't know what good looks like. The algorithm is going to spend some money, waste some money, find what good good looks like. We will feed that information back to the algo so that it gets better. So that's building the flywhe over there. Over time, it should settle around that mark. Yeah. So if we are targeting a 200 cost per meeting and you wanted to get 48 signups or 48 interested parties in through the funnel every month, this is what you should be budgeting to give to LinkedIn initially. Now that's discretionary,Douglas Orr: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: right? You don't have to spend and budget 9600 in one go.  
00:22:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: You can start off smaller and as long as we are hitting that number, you know what your unit economics look like. you can scale accordingly. So we could start off with three grand, four grand, whatever as length and spend. Obviously the more we give the shorter the learning cycle is going to be once we settle around that number and we know that that is the number we need to hit. That's when you can just pour fuel onto the fire. Yeah. And that's when we scale. Now initially if we were to start off with a less budget we would target one geography. Yeah. We wouldn't spread our bets across theDouglas Orr: Yeah, I mean I I would focus on the UK anyway.Hassaan Ahmad: board.Douglas Orr: I mean, I'm just getting my first US contracts and I want references. I got lots of UK references. I don't have I just been my first USHassaan Ahmad: Great. So let's say half of that for UK alone that should give us in a month or two that will give you the signal  
00:23:35
 Douglas Orr: customer.Hassaan Ahmad: that you need in terms of is this for you or is this not the now in terms of what my engagement model looks like. This is how I typically go to market. So these are three tiers. Yeah. I would start off first one which is pipeline $9.99 a month. That's what you put in my pocket. Um and I would do so already you've given me some information but my job is to take that information plus market research plus my own knowledge and understanding about who converts. I only care about conversion. I'll do all of that. I'll come up with messaging with proposition that maximizes and optimizes for conversion. That would involve me making a new web page probably. Yeah. because yours is good for giving product information. My the stuff that I do is good for actions. Yeah, I actions. Um, so that's what I would do. So, I'd create that landing page and so forth. If you're open to it, and I hope you are, I would also leverage your LinkedIn profile to get more and more people in through the funnel.  
00:24:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Douglas Orr: Yeah, I've got a good profile,Hassaan Ahmad: Come amazing.Douglas Orr: which is fortunate.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we would give you the post. So, we'd ghostrite those posts for you. Again, optimized for conversion. It's to get people the maximum number of people in the cheapest possible way through to the landing page where they take that call to action. Yeah. Um and we'll manage the entire campaign for you. You said you have HubSpot. We can hook up a HubSpot integration. So any sign up whether it converts or not goes directly into your HubSpot and you can then activate the email nurture sequences that we talked about. Yeah, you could do that inhouse. I can do that for you for additional. That's what it is. Now, it's $999 because I typically take a 10% revenue share on revenue. That is how I align my incentives with yours. Whatever comes in through the funnel, through this effort, I would take a revenue share. Yeah.  
00:25:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, this makes sure that I'm optimizing for my revenue rather than, you know, just giving leads. Um, and that works better for you. If that works then I would recommend we move to a higher tier where we could do a bit more top offunnel awareness exercise and that's how we open the US for you. So we leverage everything but we then we create the assets and we go into the US. We start educating the US market on this is a better new way of doing it. This is why it works. This is who's done it. This is the kind of results they've seen etc etc. And that would be authority. I don't think you need partnership. You don't need me doing the selling for you. So those would be the two tiers for you. What are yourDouglas Orr: Yeah, I think you're right on the uh the pipeline, the authority.Hassaan Ahmad: thoughts?Douglas Orr: I'd have to get my head around what commissions look like. Um you know that commissions, you know, have to get my head around that.  
00:26:39
 Douglas Orr: I think the uh the pipeline authority kind of makes sense. Um, I need to jump on a call in literally two minutes. If you could drop me what you think I should be taking a look at and then we can have a call in about 3 weeks time. 3 weeks from now is when I'm finished this funding round. And between now and then, I am just talking to investors and my existing CL customer base. And uh you know and the the the funding which I get in from this fundraising is obviously the enabler make this happen because I do not have the cash right now to do a LinkedIn marketing campaign.Hassaan Ahmad: That's fine. How's your calendar? Have you Let's just put that meetingDouglas Orr: So,Hassaan Ahmad: in.Douglas Orr: uh, if we look into April, uh, if we said something the week commencing the 13th,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Douglas Orr: we said like Tuesday at 11:00 on Tuesday,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Douglas Orr: the 14th.Hassaan Ahmad: that's great. Let me put a 45m minute slot in. Before that,Douglas Orr: Fine.Hassaan Ahmad: I would get you a proposal and my thoughts on what you shouldDouglas Orr: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: do. Yeah. Okay. We could schedule that if there's alignment on the 14th and then that could be the last thing that we do before we do anything. All right. Perfect. Thank you. Bye-bye.  
Transcription ended after 00:28:15

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
