---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Richard – 2026/03/25 11:00 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-25T12:14:30.604Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-25T11:35:45.352Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Richard - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Rich, good morning. Can't hear you.Richard Crofts: What about now?Hassaan Ahmad: What about Yes.Richard Crofts: Perfect.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Richard Crofts: I'm good,Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Richard Crofts: mate. One second. I'm just going to add my dev in as well if that's okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Mhm.Richard Crofts: Uh, how do I do that if I'm not in charge?Hassaan Ahmad: Um just forward the invite to them and then that should work.Richard Crofts: Yeah, I'm goingHassaan Ahmad: actually at so it is at my top right where you seeRichard Crofts: toHassaan Ahmad: two little dots. If you click on that you have it.Richard Crofts: Yeah. Yeah. I can't add people in there.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Right. I've actually never needed to uh add as co-host. There you go. Now you should be able toRichard Crofts: Now there you go people. How are you then?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm good.Richard Crofts: You all right?Hassaan Ahmad: How areRichard Crofts: I'm good,  
00:04:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: you?Richard Crofts: mate. I'm good. Just plotting on trying to get this uh stuff over the line.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, man. Uh, good stuff. Who's your dev? Is that your partner or is that justRichard Crofts: He works for for us in the business. My business partner is actually a guy called Martin. The guy who's joining, his name is Ryan.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, wonderful.Richard Crofts: My business partner, Martin, is not available currently.Hassaan Ahmad: All right, no worries. So, what how do you split between yourself and Martin and Ryan? So, what's what's your role? What's Ryan's and soRichard Crofts: So I've got a civil engineering business as well which I own.Hassaan Ahmad: forth?Richard Crofts: Um I've done a lot of vibe coding over the last year and a half. Um so I tend to do lot of the operational side of things with with Ryan and the dev side. Martin's more the design side of things and sort of client facing. Um we we we both do client facing.  
00:04:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Richard Crofts: There's a bit of crossover but for the most part Martin sort of in leading in that way. That's our brains are geared up. I'm I'm civil engineering background, so I like building things and making sure they're complete and it's all done to a good standard. And uh Martin's a QS,Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Richard Crofts: so he likes numbers and the finicky detail.Hassaan Ahmad: That's how we are structured as well. So I'm more on the GTM side and the client side. Um I do everything from client strategy to ramier strategy to anything that touches revenueRichard Crofts: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: either mine or a client. I take care of that.Richard Crofts: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: My partner is a UX product designer from Meta. So yeah, so that's what he's done his entire life. um build product,Richard Crofts: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: ship products is uh it's quite finicky on design to be honest. Doesn't let me s*** ship anything unless you know just meets this criteria yet. But that's what makes this  
00:05:51
 Richard Crofts: So do you what?Hassaan Ahmad: work.Richard Crofts: Because are you sales then? Are you like do you offer sales services for SAS products?Hassaan Ahmad: Correct. Yeah. So the way we structured uh Richard is actually let me take you on a little bit of a journey.Richard Crofts: Just one second. Sorry. Uh Assan, let me just because I don't want you to repeat yourselfHassaan Ahmad: ofRichard Crofts: twice.Hassaan Ahmad: course.Richard Crofts: There he is.Ryan Catlin: Hello.Richard Crofts: There,Ryan Catlin: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey,Richard Crofts: Ryan.Hassaan Ahmad: Ryan.Ryan Catlin: How are we?Hassaan Ahmad: Doing very well. How are you?Ryan Catlin: Yeah, good. Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. You're a guitarist, I see.Ryan Catlin: Yeah, more for show these days than actually playing them. But yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We're just keeping you busy.Ryan Catlin: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's that's good stuff, guys. I'd love to launch into a spiel about, you know, so Richard, I was just getting into it, but Ryan joining is a great I think uh great opening for me to ask you this question.  
00:06:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um what made you book the meeting? Is there anything specific that you're looking for or what what prompted you?Richard Crofts: Um, so we've got a series of products. We've got the capability. we've got the skill set to build and deliver them to a production environment. But just at the right minute, Ryan's camera flips around and shows us the monitor screen.Ryan Catlin: Yeah.Richard Crofts: Uh but but where we seem to be lacking is the marketing skill set. Um long story short, we had a previous business called Trade Shake where we got a million pound investment from a company called MKM Builders Merchants in the UK. I'm pretty sure you've heard of MKM. So on the back of that, we we wasted a lot of money including with them who are a billion pound company um in the wrong places and being a a startup.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Richard Crofts: So effectively what happened was we sold that business to MKM and parted ways we retained the code base and contracts and as part of the the IP set up on our own and then built a series of construction products over the  
00:07:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Oh.Richard Crofts: last year here in a bit. um probably four or five production ready which are live on production servers now and a couple have got paying users but we didn't want to go through the process that we went through with trade check which was spending money in the wrongHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Richard Crofts: places hemorrhaging cash flow when we're effectively a startup is not the place we want to be. So we want to speak to industry professionals and like-minded individuals that understand not only the products but the market and can guide us and tell us or you know sort of charge us for that particular service to try and achieve better ROI on our current products and increase that MMR MM MR.Hassaan Ahmad: Fair enough. Quite a lot to unpack there. Um, I'm going to double click on the first thing that you said,Richard Crofts: OhHassaan Ahmad: which was you spent a lot of money on things that didn't drive ROI for you. What were those things? Where did you feel you wasted the money that you don't want to  
00:08:51
 Richard Crofts: um it might not ne necessarily be the platforms we wasted the money. It might have been the approach we took on the platform. So the marketing content for example um marketing agencies x amount of thousands per month creating this content which was effectively trial and error in addition to then Google ads Facebook spends at that point or a few months into that process we were quiteHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard Crofts: limited then because MKM didn't really want to spend any more money on it. They they' expended more than they wanted to. Um uh yeah so it was kind of just like well that's it then we're going to cut it off and we're going to diminish it right back. So, we've sort of blew our shotHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. I' I've seen that happen a lot. Part of that is when you go too broad too soon,Richard Crofts: effectively.Hassaan Ahmad: right? So, you've got to get the message right, test it. It's like how you roll out an app, right?  
00:09:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: Got to get your MVP, test it out, get the feedback, iron out the bugs, and then you do the big launch. It's the same with marketing. Same approach. Or at least that's the way I'd like to do it. um going broad too soon often ends up in exactly the same result as you did because you know if you don't see ROI on 10 15 grand of spend. It's natural to question that. Um how's how are people finding you today and what kind of apps what kind of so what's what's the market that you're playing in right now and how are people finding youRyan Catlin: It's so my current focusHassaan Ahmad: today?Ryan Catlin: is giving everything an organic angle and an organic spin um to try and capture what we can there um which has worked better than others for for different things. Um but that's that's sort of the main angle that I've been focusing on.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Is that more building in public kind of stuff whereRyan Catlin: Um, it's mainly just sort of good SEO practices.  
00:10:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: youRyan Catlin: Um, finding little content niches we can own on on Google and stuff likeHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. So Ryan,Ryan Catlin: that.Hassaan Ahmad: help me understand your role a bit better. You're you're doing more SEO. Are you on marketing side or Okay.Ryan Catlin: I I'm developer but as as with small businessHassaan Ahmad: App developer.Ryan Catlin: you you do a lot of things.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Ryan Catlin: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: So you're looking at SEO as well forRyan Catlin: yeah, I always keep it in mind.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Ryan Catlin: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And is that the only thing that you guys are doing?Ryan Catlin: Uh, we do some email bits that Rich probably can talk more about than me, butRichard Crofts: So as part of the journey for me in particular, I'm not a dev at all. I'm a construction background, project manager by heart, but um last year I got into the vibe coding scene, uh let's say, which has probably resulted in I'd say one and a half devs. Now, I wouldn't call myself a full-fledged dev, but I can certainly hold my own with building um what I believe is a decent platform based on ideas that we had.  
00:11:52
 Richard Crofts: Um and as a result of that, we've built quite a number of platforms. One of which for me is important is automation of certain products. So, I've built something called Cypus. Well, we've built it, um, Ryan and I, um, which is all of our brands and all of our different products in one place that uses AI and integration with our social media content, but also on the back of that use a company's house scraper to scrape company's house for detailHassaan Ahmad: Well,Richard Crofts: for score against our products. So, we might have in construction, it will look for construction companies and then score them based on keywords because it'll also do a web search. She adds those details to a database, scores them, and then intelligently sends out one of three templates uh depending on that scoring rating as a cold outreach campaign. As it sits this morning, I think there's 146,000 companies in that database.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Richard Crofts: Uh and we've sent 1,700 emails. It's been operating for about a week. Got two demos booked.  
00:12:53
 Richard Crofts: Uh I think the Yeah, I'm looking at it now. The open rate's 41%, click rate 25%. Uh, and we've got two demo booked on,700 emails sent. So, that's the kind of organic and natural thing that we're doing, which is very little cost to us. Um, and it it's it's achieving some sort of yield. The other natural avenue we're going down is a lot of these are construction related products. So, I'm speaking to and Martin's speaking to people within the industry that we know that we can demonstrate and showcase these products to. Now, for the most part on one of the platforms where we've got three paying users of just under a,000 pound a month, um that's probably within two or three weeks, they've all came from uh demos and video calls be either through one cold outreach campaign or speaking to mutual people in the industry. So, it's really how do we scale that? We know users, we know that we've got traction to the site, we know we've got organic analytics through GA and the site post and the own analytics on some of the platforms we've built.  
00:14:02
 Richard Crofts: But how do we get to that point where we achieve a decent MR and we don't need that much revenue reoccurring to profitable for us being tech and such a small company. So it's really how do we get from where we are now to the desired monthlyHassaan Ahmad: What is that?Richard Crofts: revenue?Hassaan Ahmad: That is our monthly revenue.Richard Crofts: Um, I'd say it's probably 25 to 30 grand a month. That gets us the ability to get another dev. It gets us to have a development. It means Martin and I can take probably a salary out of the business as well, which we haven't done over the last year and a half. Um, but first and foremost, the original or the the first goal would be six grand, six, seven grand a month. That covers effectively all of the overhead.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Richard Crofts: And at which point everything then is sort of correct.Hassaan Ahmad: Feeds the flywheel.Richard Crofts: Yeah. And if we can increase that month on month and if we would probably be happy to put that into more of a marketing budget to hopefully exponentially increase that  
00:15:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. No, that's I think that's very reasonable and you know you've done this before so we're approaching this in a veryRichard Crofts: MRHassaan Ahmad: pragmatic way which is music to my ears because a lot of the times founders come in. I had someone yesterday told me uh telling me that they're at 700K ARR want to grow to 1.3 they want to go to two in the next 12 months. said, "Uh, why? What's driving that?" Just sounded like a round nice round.Richard Crofts: I mean the desired outcome is as much as physically possible but from a realisticHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Richard Crofts: standpoint we need milestones and we need goals. Once we achieve those points we can then revisit those particularHassaan Ahmad: absolutely. Absolutely.Richard Crofts: goals.Hassaan Ahmad: So, look, what I'm hearing then is, and apologies if I've missed something, you've got a couple of channels activated. So Ryan's looking at the SEO stuff. You're doing, you know, you've set up what I would call an industryleading outbound engine, you know, using cold outbound scraping.  
00:16:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's uh I would love to sellRichard Crofts: Do you want to buy it?Hassaan Ahmad: it.Richard Crofts: Well, we could we could scale it to sell for sure. It's built thatHassaan Ahmad: AB I think there's a partnership there.Richard Crofts: way.Hassaan Ahmad: Um so that seems to be working well, right? And you've only ran it for a week or so.Richard Crofts: It's literally this.Hassaan Ahmad: What?Richard Crofts: We turn it on. What day is it?Hassaan Ahmad: Oh,Richard Crofts: We turn it on a Monday.Hassaan Ahmad: this you've gotten two demosRyan Catlin: Yeah.Richard Crofts: Wait. Well, this this is it here.Hassaan Ahmad: already.Richard Crofts: Look, just quickly.Ryan Catlin: Yeah.Richard Crofts: I'm I'm a I like sharing screens. Ryan will tell you. But that's effectively itHassaan Ahmad: All right. Good stuff,Richard Crofts: there.Hassaan Ahmad: man. Uh we could give instantly a run for their money with that. So, that's pretty good. Um what's broken then? Is that are you more concerned about that 41% and you want to get it higher or are you  
00:16:49
 Ryan Catlin: IHassaan Ahmad: just talk to me more aboutRichard Crofts: It's the conversion. Well,Hassaan Ahmad: that?Richard Crofts: it's it's getting the people on the platforms to actually convert them. What get them to agree to a demo is one thing and then pushing them over the line is another,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard Crofts: but it's also feeding that funnel because at this point there's only so many companies in company's house and there's so many enrichment you can do on that data through scraping. So what happens at thatRyan Catlin: think the way I see it is that everything we do is pretty much completely cold,Richard Crofts: point?Ryan Catlin: right? Unless we get some some search terms or that kind of thing that like are a bit less cold and and people are coming in with a an idea of what they want to do. Um everything is small scale and completely cold. Whereas we we need to have a way where we we can have a funnel that's more reliable, right? slightly more converting because at our sort of scale then like we could have two signups in a week and then none for two months, right?  
00:17:51
 Ryan Catlin: Um so it's how do we sort of build that base where we can start seeing consistentHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Ryan Catlin: numbers monthtoHassaan Ahmad: gotcha. What's the ACV?Ryan Catlin: month.Hassaan Ahmad: Did you say? So, what's the revenue per client per month?Richard Crofts: It depends at the minute because we've done some bespoke deals. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Richard Crofts: and we probably want to look at the price point of the products in order to position ourselves in a more competitive or at least uh demonstrating the value for the spend that the customers getting because I think that's a problem as well for customers. It's for example,Ryan Catlin: Mhm.Richard Crofts: one of the products like Samurai does that many things. It's very difficult to convince somebody in a short space of time of the value that you get for the price point that we want in comparison to which is I don't know 50 times more expensive than what we are but we do 50 times more things in a better structured way that is designed by construction professionals for construction professionals.  
00:18:49
 Richard Crofts: a small business,Ryan Catlin: IRichard Crofts: it's is literally the flow and the UI and the the UX of that is designed in and around those businesses. Whereas at what I would say is the nearest competitors are built by techHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. So, what I'm hearing then, and this is my very initial,Richard Crofts: companies.Hassaan Ahmad: very crude assessment of this, is you've got a positioning problem right now, which is resulting in two things. The first one is not enough people are getting in through the funnel. And secondly, when they do come in through the funnel, there's a trust deficit. You've got to you've got to work very hard to convince them and because of that trust deficit, you end up playing with pricing as a lever as opposed to getting the value that you believe out of them. IsRyan Catlin: think so. Yeah,Richard Crofts: Yeah.Ryan Catlin: I think that's that's a fair way of putting it.Hassaan Ahmad: thatRichard Crofts: Yeah.Ryan Catlin: I think it's more that people don't know what they can't see almost.  
00:19:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Ryan Catlin: Um or or can't take the information in. Um so, a they don't land on the site in the first place. Two, they when they do land on the site, they're like, "This says a lot of things like what what actually are we getting out of this?" Right? There's like a little demo and stuff beside Samurai that Rich is on about,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Ryan Catlin: but like it's just a click around thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Ryan Catlin: There's nothing there for it,Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Ryan Catlin: right?Hassaan Ahmad: You guys have done this before. So, and sounds like you have an opinion about what is it that you need. Am I correct in assuming that that opinion is you need more top of funnel awareness to getRichard Crofts: I I'll sum it up in one sentence. We need you to make the business grow. However that means, whether that's funnel, whether that's content, whether that's landing page, whether that's uh outreach emails, campaigns, warm leads, Google paid ads, you've got all the tricks of the trade and the skill set in order to come up with a proposition that we can tangibly measure what we would perceive as a decent ROI without the guarantee of achieving that ROI because no marketing agency ever gives you that.  
00:20:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard Crofts: But in a nutshell,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard Crofts: we've got the skill set and the capability to build the skill set and the ability to get organically higher, the skill set to deliver and convert when we're put in front of these people. But how do we how do we grow that process without us having as much uh direct interface with those uh potential customersRyan Catlin: Mhm.Richard Crofts: as possible?Hassaan Ahmad: Got when you talk about So I'm going to answer that question.Ryan Catlin: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I know we've got eight minutes to go. Um are you flexible by the way or do you have a hard stop?Richard Crofts: No,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Richard Crofts: no, we don't we don't like that word.Hassaan Ahmad: perfect.Richard Crofts: They used to use that in MKM all theHassaan Ahmad: Good, good stuff, man.Richard Crofts: time.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, when you say without the ability, without the need to interface with them a lot, are we talking about more of a selfs serve motion where people come in, look at the demo, and just sign  
00:21:52
 Richard Crofts: So, so basically the three converting people are people that I've sat down with on a team's call and gone through the processHassaan Ahmad: up?Richard Crofts: and actually demoed the product. This is what it can do. What's your pain point? Um, and then demonstrated a solution to the pain point that I found on that call. So, effectively a sales call. So, that says to me that the messaging isn't um isn't good on the website or there's just that broader feature. We're not honing in on that user's painoint because it does everything or it does a lot should I say doesn't doHassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Fine. Um,Richard Crofts: everything.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm going to need to look at the website number one. Need to look at the product itself.Ryan Catlin: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: If there's any videos and stuff, that would be helpful and I can form an opinion on what exactly needs to happenRyan Catlin: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: to well, basically change it. But yeah, from what you're describing, it's pretty much in my wheelhouse.  
00:22:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: It's exactly what I do. Yeah. So from the entire funnel, so educating at the top to getting people problem and solution in the middle to getting them to a point where they're ready to convert. Yeah.Ryan Catlin: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: What I have been doing with a lot of my customers now is actually setting up those PLG motions. So product growth motions where the product does the selling for them. you get in through the funnel cheaply enough um and predictably enough and then it becomes a numbers game. You know, x number of people landing on the website as long as you're targeting correctly will convert. Yeah. So, so that stuff I can engineer that for you as well. What what's your marketing budget? How much are you thinking of spending on not the agency or not the partner butRyan Catlin: ads themselves, that kind of thing. Ads themselves,Hassaan Ahmad: sorry what do you mean sorry I I didn'tRyan Catlin: that kind of thing for like GoogleHassaan Ahmad: catch that  
00:23:55
 Ryan Catlin: ads and stuff like that.Hassaan Ahmad: yeahRyan Catlin: That's That's Rich's domain.Richard Crofts: It it depends. How much do we need toRyan Catlin: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: uh we're going to need a longer a conversation for that.Richard Crofts: spend?Ryan Catlin: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Provide some guidance. Look, um, how much do you need is a direct function of where you're spending and what you want out of that spend. Yeah. Now,Ryan Catlin: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I can tell you that going for Google Ads is probably not the right thing for you at this point. Yeah.Ryan Catlin: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Because Google Ads captures intent. Unless someone knows exactly what they're looking for and they're searching for those keywords or adjacent keywords, you'll miss them. Yeah. Google will happily take your money and spend it. You wouldn't see as much of an ROI as you want there. Yeah. When the problem is intent, uh when the problem is trust and positioning, there's cheaper ways of doing that. So some of the other platforms would work better.  
00:24:59
 Ryan Catlin: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: But again, I need to look at the platform, the product itself to make a recommendation on that. I recommend most of my clients start with at least around three grand in ad spend. Yeah, you could do something with 2500 as well. Um, but three grand, 25 to three grand is the sweet spot that you should be thinking about.Ryan Catlin: That'sRichard Crofts: IHassaan Ahmad: That enables a good top of funnel as well as a decent conversion. So we miss the middle of funnel. We educate at the top and we capture at the bottom. Um that that is what that activates. Yeah. Um does that is it in the wheelhouse what you were thinking or is it too high tooRichard Crofts: mean, no, it's possible,Hassaan Ahmad: low?Richard Crofts: but it's like the age old adage, how long's a piece of string? You know, you tell we've got to spend three grand, but what's that likely to do?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Ryan Catlin: the impossible question,Hassaan Ahmad: Um  
00:25:55
 Ryan Catlin: isn'tRichard Crofts: But so is the how much you want to spend a question.Ryan Catlin: it?Richard Crofts: They're bothHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um, look, if that is possible, then I always recommend we start off with a 3-month pilot because that is a decent enough amount of time for the algorithms to learn about you and who converts for you to test a couple of angles, maybe more. Yeah. So, you can hone in on the messaging, the positioning across the funnel and see what works for you. And three, you know, three grand over a month is nine grand in ad spend, you know, that doesn't kill a business. So if at three grand, sorry, if at 9 grand it's not working for you, you would have a complete understanding of this is everything we tried, this is who we targeted and this didn't work. Yeah. So you can park that and not repeat that mistake again. But on the flip side,Ryan Catlin: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: if you're landing a client at, you know, one maybe two grand a month, you need two of them to be cash flow positive and then it scales from there.  
00:27:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: So that's the simple ROI math. Um, I don't like every marketing agency that I've got nowhere predicting the volume that would come in.Ryan Catlin: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So what I hold my me and the team accountable to is the cost of getting people in through the door. Yeah, that's the labor that we can control again without uh myRichard Crofts: And what what's yourHassaan Ahmad: fee is so it's between $999 and 3500Richard Crofts: fee?Hassaan Ahmad: a month. Yeah, there's multiple tiers to that. So for $9.99 I just do the campaign management and the messaging. I would recommend maybe we do the middle tier which is $14.99 which is where I take over the content side of things as well. So it's um educational white papers, lead magnets, stuff like that. It's basically the entire thing. Um the 3599 oh sorry 3499 is where we embed a seller in the team as well. So that person is doing the selling for you and so forth. You've already got that covered.  
00:28:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: You said you're good at selling. So let's leave that be. But have a think about 999 or umRichard Crofts: Are you open to any otherHassaan Ahmad: 1999.Richard Crofts: options?Hassaan Ahmad: What do you mean?Richard Crofts: Do you want a portion ofHassaan Ahmad: Yes.Richard Crofts: it?Hassaan Ahmad: So I take this is the second thing I was going to say. I do take a rev share on top of the 999. Yeah. Okay.Richard Crofts: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um the rev share is typically 10% but that's more optimized for SAS businesses. you were more of a builder rather than you know software product itself. So open toRichard Crofts: So when you take a rev s***Hassaan Ahmad: it.Richard Crofts: is that reoccurring revenue or is that a one-off subscriber pays you get a 10% of that conversion effectively in addition to the 999 in addition to the three grand ad spend and that's all paidHassaan Ahmad: Yes.Richard Crofts: when?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh three grand ads spend is paid directly toRichard Crofts: Yeah.  
00:29:09
 Richard Crofts: No, the more the rev share.Hassaan Ahmad: The referee is paid when you getRichard Crofts: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: cash.Richard Crofts: So immediately or 30 days, seven days.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean, we could talk about it, butRichard Crofts: I'm just in my head I'm thinking from a cash flow perspective because I'm modeling out the next three or four months if we went down a particular deal. But what the initial question I was trying to ask is is there any other options on the table? It sounds like you're open to other options. So if I said to you, well here's 20% of that particular product. What would you do for that? Do you believe in the product? Would you go out and absorb some of that cost with us in the belief that the product could get there and we give you a higher rev share? Therefore, the cash was retained within the business.Hassaan Ahmad: I could be open to that. Like I said, I need to look at the product itself to know what exactly it is.  
00:29:52
 Ryan Catlin: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The version of that without, you know, this is just me spitballing it without looking at the product.Ryan Catlin: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What it could look like is we take the 999 but do the 1999 offer. Yeah. So we do the entire lead magnets everything but we take the lower tier price. The lower tier price is there simply because I need to recover the cost. Yeah. Um IRichard Crofts: I mean, if if you're really good,Hassaan Ahmad: don't uh Yeah,Richard Crofts: like you say, well, you will recover the cost fairly quickly on myHassaan Ahmad: I would.Richard Crofts: model.Hassaan Ahmad: But hey, I've got two months well a month and a half before that starts rolling in. Right.Richard Crofts: Yeah. So, what if we said we'd cover that initial month and aHassaan Ahmad: What do you mean?Richard Crofts: half?Hassaan Ahmad: So you pay me for month and a half and then we go to something else.Richard Crofts: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: H that's interesting. Uh yeah.Richard Crofts: It takes away the argument of covering the  
00:30:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard Crofts: cost.Hassaan Ahmad: So I get paid for a month and a half basically and then the referee pays for it.Richard Crofts: Correct.Hassaan Ahmad: I could have a think about it. I'm going to need to take a look at the product.Richard Crofts: Yeah. I mean, there's multiple products as well. Uh I don't know what your thoughts are, Ryan, but I would probably argue that the one that's got paying users is probably the one we want to push.Ryan Catlin: That's the easy answer. Yeah, I think it's worth looking at at the others as well, right? Even if it's briefly, but if we're going to decide based off what people are already willing to pay for,Richard Crofts: Yeah, because it could.Ryan Catlin: then it's it makes sense in myRichard Crofts: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Ryan Catlin: head.Hassaan Ahmad: look, shoot across the product to me. Let me have a look. I'll with the um the guys as well and then let's have another conversation around how we would do it. What could a potential partnership look like?  
00:31:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard Crofts: Yeah, most definitely.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we could get in Martin in as well and then just, you know, do a handshake on the call if that makes sense.Richard Crofts: What we what we'll do is we'll share all of the current products that are live andRyan Catlin: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Richard Crofts: then you can have a look because there may be some sort of bundle offer we canRyan Catlin: Yeah.Richard Crofts: do.Ryan Catlin: Cuz a lot of them are construction industry,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Ryan Catlin: right? Is like a key point for that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Look, I think to Ryan's point,Richard Crofts: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: it's it's smart to double down on what's already working. So, yeah, definitely send across the product mix. The reason I am priced, you've worked with marketing agencies before, right? reason I'm priced at the lower end is because I optimize for attention and longevity rather than anything else. And honestly, the 10% is what I'm after. Um, so I would definitely be open to giving some feedback on what a potential bundle could look like, if there's anything that we could do on the pricing and so forth.  
00:32:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and very much build a partnership with you guys. So, turn that across. Let me take a look.Richard Crofts: Yeah. I mean, look, we're we're dynamic enough to know that there's always deals to be done and at the end of the day, it's got to be a mutually beneficial business arrangement for both parties. If everybody's happy, you know, it is what it is. But if you don't have these initial conversations, you never know where you stand.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Richard Crofts: So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Look,Richard Crofts: it'sHassaan Ahmad: I appreciate you being open-minded about it. Um, and being very realistic about this as well. So, that definitely gives me confidence that you guys are I'm not going to hate myself for for doing something more bespoke with you. So send that across. Let me have a look at that. Let's uh have a conversation middle of next week or early next week,Ryan Catlin: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: whatever works for you fromRichard Crofts: Yeah,Ryan Catlin: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: there.Richard Crofts: we'll go away and speak to Martin and uh either myself or Ryan will send you the products. Um, and we'll go fromHassaan Ahmad: Cool. That's good. Um while I have you here,Ryan Catlin: Mhm.Richard Crofts: there.Hassaan Ahmad: should we get the next meeting in? Um Tuesday is looking better for me next week.Richard Crofts: Um, can we speak to Martin first because I don't know his whereabouts because I would like him involved inHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Yeah.Richard Crofts: the next call because it's sort of next level. In the meantime, we I'll send a round robin email with everybody copied in effectively all the stakeholders which means we're all in communication. But we we respond fairly quickly. Spot on.  
Transcription ended after 00:34:02

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
