---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Paul van de Grampel (Fuseable) <> Hassaan: Meeting – 2025/08/26 15:27 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:38:05.540Z
meeting_date: 2025-08-26T15:08:47.958Z
---


Paul van de Grampel (Fuseable) <> Hassaan: Meeting - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hi Paul, how are you?paul: Hi, how are you? I'm I'm good, thank you. Let me just turn up the volume a bit. Where are you based?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm in London. How about yourself?paul: Me too. In uh I'm in in Fulham today, but normally I work in the city.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I could tell from the uh the drainage pipes behind you that it's very London.paul: That's very lonely. Exactly. Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Well, thank you so much for making the time for this. Really appreciate you helping with this project that we're doing with Fusible. So, as I mentioned in my email, um, Fusible is trying to really invest and and, you know, put some thoughtful effort behind scaling their revenues. And one high leverage item that Nick wants to focus on is the messaging aspect of it. And what we want to do is we want to come up with an undeniable narrative around why the problem needs to be solved or in other words, why the prospect prospective customer should change.  
00:04:24
 paul: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and why that change needs to include fusible. So, um, Nick suggested that your insights as a GC and as an adviser would be really helpful in crafting that and shaping that narrative. And that's really what I wanted to focus some time on today if that's okay with you.paul: Yeah, sure. Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Wonderful. I'm going to record this session if that's okay with you simply so I can, you know, focus more on listening and noting things down.paul: Yeah. Yeah. Um, good.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.paul: I mean, I just I don't know how you want to approach this. Uh, do you want to ask questions? Do you or do you want to Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah. So, I've got a bunch of questions, but before we get into that, um it would be really helpful to get some background of yourself, right? So, what's your experience been? um what kind of industries, what kind of companies you've spent some time on so that I when I think about the messaging I can I can kind of tie to that altitude that  
00:05:36
 paul: Yeah. Okay. Okay. So, I um I'm a lawyer by background. I'm not a GC. Um but I I spent I spent approximately 9 10 years in in private firms Scatter and Ars Alen over and the likes in Europe US and in the UK. Um then I moved into private equity. I did that 16 years where initially as a lawyer then as an investment member uh investment team member I focused on structuring of transactions and there were a lot of SPVS and entities involved in in structuring those transactions. Um so that's where you know I have my experience in you know how how do you deal with all the data relating to to entities um and then now I work at AON I went back to the advisory side where I advise on um a whole raft of diligent services we provide to private equity and corporate clients that are active in merch and acquisitions um and uh advice on uh insurance capital solutions so that you can use in in transactions whether it's credit whether it's you know non-payment insurance in in to facilitate transactions.  
00:07:17
 paul: Um so again there it's all about data about risk about um yeah transferring risk um once you have identified the risk of course um so so that's that's so very broad background so it's legal finance and now let's call itHassaan Ahmad: That's amazing. Thank you for sharing that. Um, one of the key questions that we're exploring with Nick is who is the ideal buyer for fusible right so historically they've had quite a bit of success well some success in the GC or the legal space right when I look at the product I feel that you know based on your experience as well it is a product that can have a lot of impact from both the legal entity structuring but also on the finance side of things where you're looking to maximize your tax efficiency. You're looking to have the best structuring possible for treasury, for transfer pricing purposes, etc. What is your take on the ideal potential profile for this product?paul: So I think the ideal buyer is a chief operating officer. someone on the operational side. The ideal sponsor, executive sponsor is a GC, company secretary, risk manager and and and treasurer.  
00:09:10
 paul: Um, but the reason that I say the chief operating officer is because it is a change of approach how to manage data. It is a change of platform. It involves technology that needs to needs to be embedded in the company in the way the company handles data, stores data, um, shares data internally. And what comes up time and time again in discussions with Nick is that so he comes from a treasury perspective. I come more from a legal perspective and a risk perspective. Then you have tax is probably more Nick's area, but and then you have an area he hadn't thought about yet um insurance. So a risk manager uh has a lot of data around what is the the directors and officers liability insurance we have across the entire group for each firstly where do where do we have so if you if you take a private active firm as an example are you familiar with private uh as as an industry So, so, so, so they will acquire a company or a group of companies um, and they willHassaan Ahmad: Yes. Yeah.  
00:10:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.paul: do that through an SPV structure and depending on whether they're using leverage that in the structure, there will be multiple SPVS involved. So from their perspective when they acquire let's call it let's say KKR um is looking to acquire a group of around 100 entities right they will add on top of that a number of entities that sit between the group the holding company they're acquiring and their own fund so now they suddenly end up with let's call 105 companies How does the GC at KKR and the operating officer and the risk manager, how do they get get comfortable managing all that data, right? They probably have a system now in place to do it for their own entities. But now they have to especially if it's a control acquisition where they own the majority uh and they may have other investors coming in at some point in the at some level but they will consolidate it within their structure. they now need to own all that data. Make sure that they know what is the insurance coverage for all the entities, what is uh what is the the tax situation for all those entities, what what are all the corporate secretarial.  
00:12:32
 paul: So I think and I'm actually talking to KKR about this. Um I am going to speak to them about it is how do you how do you guys manage that? And the response from my senior contact was, "Oh, we have a guy in our operating team who reports to the chief operating officer who sits in Dublin who's actually going to focus on all this now." Uh because they've come to the realization that they don't have a good handle on it. Um so yeah so I think it's it sort of sits within a number of people. I would say that the GC should be if he's not the buyer then he's probably the executive sponsor because ultimately he's responsible for risk within within the group.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that makes sense. Thank you. Um, so, so let's double click on that a little, right? So, that's the way most of the organizations have functioned so far, right?paul: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Why do you think that is? And what do most GCs or COOs fail to see till it's too late?paul: Heat.  
00:13:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: In other words, what's the breaking point that they get to don't fix this?paul: um now talking from from my own experience um I don't think so when I was in private equity I don't think as a we had a good handle on all the different entities. Um because how it typically works is a private equity firm will go to a um a service provider uh you know that's like a a fund or a corporate administrator often because they're ba they're using SPVS in jurisdictions that are tax efficient.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, I can see two of you now.paul: I don't know what happened there. Yeah. Uh, how do I delete one?Hassaan Ahmad: I think fine. Uh let's see. Remove the call. There we go.paul: Okay. All right. Um so so they will use the surf provider. Um and they will do a lot. I mean back in the day the surf provider would make sure that we you know we did all the corporate secretarial stuff and we had our annual board meeting and but it ultimately as a private equity owner you're responsible for it right because all liability is is is is waved by the by the service provider.  
00:16:33
 paul: Um um so so I do not think that every company and I mean many companies will have a good handle and will have a system in place that is probably mostly spreadsheet based and and and and and you know the the GC or the the relevant manager will know where the entities are and will have a you know um a diary that you know certain important dates flash up etc. But what what it doesn't give them is access to all of the data that's relevant to those entities. So they have unlikely um a tool that gives them access to also what is our FX exposure, what is our tax exposure, you know, are we complying with all the substance requirements relevant in that jurisdiction? they're probably relying on on multiple different people within the organization or externally to to make sure that they're compliant. So, it's it's that compliance angle that we should use. Um, and we don't know whether there have been compliance breach because they they're not going to talk about it. It's not something uh but I think that if you mention it in the conversation I've seen the reaction that people say ah actually if we have one tool that gives me an overview of everything that I need to  
00:18:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: Thank you.paul: know and that can be used by different teams. Yeah, we have something like this but yeah it's very old and we made we we build it in house and it's probably not that good andHassaan Ahmad: Fair. That's That's fair. So, I want to go deeper into this, right? Because this is it sounds like this is something that most companies experience at one to an extent, but also that this is a normalized pain or normalized risk that most companies have leared to live with.paul: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So what I want to do is I want to surface that up and and you know have that you know light bulb moment go off in somebody's head when when they read the message.paul: No.Hassaan Ahmad: Right. So is there a is there like a oh s*** moment that that happens which would fundamentally just bring that to the forefront of somebody's mind and uh get them to start thinking about a solution like this.paul: Yeah. So an an an oh s*** moment as you call it uh could be when it comes to exit time for for um and they discover that actually the structure they put in place doesn't meet all the substance requirements.  
00:19:56
 paul: So from a tax perspective um it's you know you can set up an an an SPV an intermediary entity in in a certain jurisdiction but nowadays under all the tax treaties and all the tax requirements a company needs to have substance in a certain jurisdiction which is different in each jurisdiction but effectively it means that there needs to be a real board with real operations um in order for that company to have substance in that particular doicile and that gives you then certain benefits u under the different tax treaties. Uh and this was you know back in the day when you know famously I think it was after 911 that um a senator uh in the US said you know there's this h there's this building in in um in Bermuda I think it was or in the in in the Cayman Islands that houses like 10,000 companies or something like that. Uh and there is no substance to it. So what we see and and I see this now a lot in in in the in the work I'm doing today is um that tax managers will lie awake at night and say you know did the structure we were advised to put in place five six years ago maybe 10 years ago hold up when we come to sell next week and we now need to distribute the proceeds or will suddenly be, you know, a withholding tax  
00:21:50
 paul: uh in in this jurisdiction. Now, and what we then provide from an AO perspective is is is a tax insurance to to cover off that risk. So you want to know exactly what those exposures are fl have them flash up and and and also make sure that throughout the holding period of that investment you you comply with all the relevant requirements and it it it you know often it sits in the back of some KPMG or deoid advice. uh it will have been done correctly at the start, but who's making sure that it continues and that and that also that the executive sponsors who ultimately responsible or where where the the buck stops have have visibility can have visibility to it.Hassaan Ahmad: That's that's a really important point. So on the tax insurance piece and you talked about the DNO insurance side of things as well. Um would something like this would having a better view which is defensible of the legal entity of the intercomp relationships and so forth would that have a material impact on the risk premium that these companies are charged and the insurance that they have to get in such events?  
00:23:14
 paul: I hadn't thought about that but um I mean the answer is or should be that if you have better governance you should pay less den premium although dino premium also protects you to a large extent to the third party liabilities um and yeah will that substantially reduce the risk of being sued don't know that that that I need to think that through but um but it could be it Could be it could be that I think I think what we can say with a lot of confidence is that it leads to better governance. So it leads to better supervision. It lead it leads to better information. It it it it mitigates risk. It leads to better governance across a group of you know multiple entities because it there's more transparency there's better transparency across multiple areas.Hassaan Ahmad: Hello there.paul: So I think these are sort of the the the buzz words I guess we need to start thinking in our in our marketing is transparency, visibility, um m risk mitigation, uh uh uh governance, all of that. You know, another area I've been thinking about is litigation.  
00:25:12
 paul: Would would we want to have could we give better visibility to litigation across the group to a a GC that ultimately is responsible? He he's not involved in the dayto-day of the litigation of a subsidiary in Timbuktu but you know yeah and he knows he can go go to the relevant lawyer in his team uh but you know if there's a if there's a way to to have this updated and have it at his fingertips. Now, there might be issues around confidentiality and and why you don't want to have that in there. That's a different story. But what I'm trying to say is, you know, it gives to XCOM members, executive committee members better visibility, more transparency of data across multiple um responsibilities. Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And ultimately that then enables them to respond faster, right?paul: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: When I think about somebody buying a piece of software and it has been my experience that that decision typically is hinged on three core metrics, right? So that metric is one is the revenue, right? And the question that the economic buyer is looking to answer is does that increase my revenue, right?  
00:26:48
 paul: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Does it deliver the ROI? whatever their IR threshold is, does that meet that or not? The second one is cost, right? Does that materially reduce my cost, allow me to improve my EIDA so forth? The third is risk, right? So, does that reduce my risk or does that impact or change my risk profile? So, I like the governance angle because and it's linked into risk. It's better governance, reduce risk. That's one of those boxes checked. The cost side is I don't think this is a revenue play by the way right I don't think feasible helps companies get better revenue so it's the cost and risk area that we're playing it the cost side youpaul: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: know the insurance side comes into play a little bit not more I think on the cost side the better angle for us is leaning into the tax efficiency or optimizing yourself for the best transfer pricing or faster benefit of changing regulations. We can play into the noise coming out of the US where you know Trump's wake up, Trump wakes up, changes his mind and then there's tariffs, right?  
00:28:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: So how does that impact or how does that affect cascade through your group structure and do you have any leverage to structure yourself or reorganize yourself in a way that allows you to better benefit or mitigate some of those risks? Would you would you agree that that's a feasible angle for us to explore?paul: Yeah, I I I agree that revenue I I don't see the angle there. is cost and risk and I think it's in respect of cost by having more transparency and more efficiency in how data is being managed and who can access it you reduce you reduce cost in particular if you start think about AI to imagine now that Fusible has access to all the insurance data, all the corporate secretary data, all theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.paul: legal structuring data, tax, treasury and as a CFO you want to know, you know, okay, across the group, you know, which financing is coming up for renewal in 2026. What is my dollar exposure under all that financing? What is my euro exposure? And how does it impact, you know, the exit?  
00:29:49
 paul: you know what do I need to think about when it comes to the exit when we're selling or when when we are think of disposing that particular um uh part of the group I'm just I'm just making something up uh as we as we think at the moment he probably has to have you know multiple conversation with multiple people where if you have this data all available and You could use AI to give you a snapshot.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.paul: Now there's always a risk that yeah I need to check it etc. We all know what the the the downside of AI, but it it gives you a first handle and then it g allows you then to go, you know, better prepared into conversation with the relevant heads of these departments to say, hey, you know, this is the thinking. Um, what do you think about it? And, um, you know, we need to work on this data bit a bit more. So I I think it leads to more efficiency uh and therefore cost reduction.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that that makes perfect sense. And I've seen some conversations like that, right?  
00:31:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Where the CFO has an idea and he wants the team to explore it, but the earliest the team can explore it because of these issues is 3 weeks from now, right? Got to go back, look through the files, make sure they're updated, do multiple iterations of that and so forth.paul: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We've got one minute and I've got one more point to to talk about.paul: I I I have I have time if you need a bit longer. So, don't worry.Hassaan Ahmad: Thank you. Thank you for that, Paul. So another angle cost related but also something that might better be linked with the GC the legal or the operation side of it is the cost of the external advisor every single time which which needs to be incurred every single time a facility is coming up for renewal.paul: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you know you have to optimize or you have some questions about tax structures etc etc I personally haven't been close enough to that process and I was hoping to get some insights on that if you have on do  
00:31:52
 paul: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you think or do you have you seen that the the advisor spend a lot of time in the discovery or the document gathering phase in order to get to a point where they have enough data to then provide some output right so that analysis piece is always going to be the same. But that discovery phase, you're still incurring the cost of a manager, a senior associate, maybe an associate, you know, managers and and you're paying like 6,000 a day for 3 weeks just for that.paul: Absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you think that that hypothesis is valid? Then if so, that is something that we could also add to this too.paul: Um I think it depends on the data we're talking about or the issue we're talking about. Um but to give you an example of where when you talk about groups like private acted groups that use these corporate administrators right the so I'm actually talking to them to see whether they're interested in fusible and there's almost an inherent reluctance to talk to us because it it will make them more efficient and therefore they can't charge by the hour to their clients.  
00:33:30
 paul: Right?Hassaan Ahmad: All right.paul: So there is there is there is in their revenue model they will say okay we are going to manage 10 limiters for you. We do that at an annual charge of X. With that you get X Y and Z. uh if you want uh one of our directors on your board for day-to-day management that comes at at this rate. Anything above that, we're going to charge you $300 per hour, $400 per hour. So once you have been set up and you have your annual board meeting and that's all done and it comes, oo uh you know, we uh we've got this tax investigation. Can you please show us all the records? We I don't know where the records are. Then an associate is going to run around and collect it all because they probably have it you know at the fingertips and charge you an hour that when you when you're managing when when you're KR and you haveHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. And that adds up really quickly.paul: thousand and of course they have leverage and they will have reduced fees and all of that but you you get the point.  
00:34:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Well, it seems like I'm getting kicked out of the room, but okay.paul: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, this is helpful. It would be good to know if So, how much would or how long would a typical due diligence on a typical M&A transaction would take, right? So let's say you're KKR, you're investing in Open AI, right? But you're only buying a part of OpenAI, right? So you've got a simple transaction. You're not and and the first part of that is going to be the document gathering and due diligence on from one of the advisers, right, which is going to be one of the big fours and so forth. I know that it's hard. Every case is going to be different. But does that run into weeks? Does that run into days?paul: month month.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.paul: So, so I think where you going if you're going down the diligence route and that's a totally different discussion.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.paul: I I think this is again brilliant, right?  
00:35:58
 paul: So there are lots of data room providers that charge a handsome fee for providing access to all the documents when you when you're a seller or when you're a company either when you want to attract investors or when when you want to sell yourself. So you the owner wants to sell. If all the information across legal, finance, tax, yada yada yada is already available under the fus fusible umbrella. No, I think we're then starting to compete with a whole different universe. But that is if you can make that available at a push of a button, that's that's a win-win for because but ultimately fusible is is as good as the information that goes in, right? You need to still have the diligence and the buy in and the yada yada yada uh in order to and that's often the problem.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.paul: We're all human beings and we only have 24 24 hours in a day and seven days in the week. And this becomes um you know someone needs to manage fusible the information that goes in. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.  
00:37:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um I'm going to park the diligent site for now because we've got to crawl before we walk and then you know walk before you run. You're right that that opens up another potential avenue for us. So for now what I would do is I would focus on the governance angle and the risk angle. I think that is the lowest hang fruit here and the quickest bounce to to something that we can market quite quickly and validate quite quickly if it's okay with you.paul: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um can I just jot down some thoughts send across a par paragraph or two your way just to do a quick gut check. Right. If you tell me that I'm on the right path, that would give us everything that we need in order to um craft some really compelling message around that.paul: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Would that be Amazing.paul: And for Yeah. And I hadn't told you that, but I'm I'm getting involved as of the 1 of September as a non-exec with uh with Fusible. For me, this conversation is also very helpful.  
00:38:14
 paul: You know, I and actually it would be very helpful to hear back our conversation. So the more information you can share and and and then you will craft into a crisp sort of message I'm sure uh that's extremely helpful because I've I've been telling Nick you know we need to get it onto one page right we need to that elevator pitch I don't have it yet uh so this is extremely helpful for the elevator pitchHassaan Ahmad: And that's what we're working on. So you would get a summary of this conversation automatically, right? I've been recording it. So you'll get some notes, but it's great that you're going to be uh non-exec on the board. I would love to keep this cadence going, right? So maybe do like once every two months or something like that, especially when we start pivoting into new angles because the goal we've discussed with Nick is that we're going to do GC first, but then we have topaul: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: see where the additional areas of leverage are, right? So CO is as you've identified that's a good one.paul: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: CFO what are the angles playing into that so that we have innovative pitches for all of these different personas. As of right now u our view is that we have we don't have enough data to form an opinion about who really cares about this right we've got hypothesis and we've got we've got to test it. So GC is the first one we'll test um and then we'll see where we go from there.  
Transcription ended after 00:39:57

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
