---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Hassaan/Aiza - 1:1 – 2025/05/06 14:56 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:40:06.374Z
meeting_date: 2025-05-06T15:02:45.275Z
---


Hassaan/Aiza - 1:1 - Transcript
00:00:00
 Haider Sarwar: Soundizer.Aiza Khan: valid.Haider Sarwar: Just one second.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey guys,Aiza Khan: Come. Hi, Hassan.Hassaan Ahmad: Sam. How are you?Aiza Khan: I'm okay. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm good, thank you. Sorry I'm a bit late.Aiza Khan: It'sHassaan Ahmad: Heather,Aiza Khan: okay.Hassaan Ahmad: how's it going? Heather, youAiza Khan: HeHassaan Ahmad: there?Aiza Khan: He He got a call.Hassaan Ahmad: All right, no worries. Good. Um, how have you been?Aiza Khan: Um, okay.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. GoodAiza Khan: IHassaan Ahmad: stuff.Aiza Khan: guessHassaan Ahmad: Good. Good stuff. Um, we can Did he say how long he's going to be?Aiza Khan: Uh, no. He just said I'm getting a call. Wait. And then he was on mute.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Okay. Um, let's get started and then he can join in. So, Isa, basically, I'm sure Heather has spoken with you as well. Um the problem that we're trying to solve is that we are about six weeks in but there is no progress that we've made in terms of selling the product for the client.  
00:02:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? We've tried solving this through various methods. We have thrown automations at it. We've thrown tools at it and so forth but it hasn't worked. So what we want to do now is just approach this entire chain in a part byart basis, right? And make sure that we're executing each step with perfection and we're very deliberate about each step because there is no more time. We've got to make sure that we start delivering results immediately. Make sense? So um I asked you to do a few things. Um I gave you a few things that I need to discuss with you today as well. But before we get into that um have you managed to execute on the steps that I outlined in my email related to dripify and so forth.Aiza Khan: I did I I updated the sequence the messages in it and I've also uh created a target list for today and um the scripts as well the outreach processHassaan Ahmad: Okay, perfect. Let's go through the LinkedIn sequence stuff.  
00:04:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: Let's get it out of the way and then we'll jump to the target list. So, can you share your screen and show me what your sequence looks like right now?Aiza Khan: Okay. Uh, can you guys see my screen?Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Aiza Khan: Okay. So, this is the sequence.Hassaan Ahmad: This is the same lead list that you were working with before.Aiza Khan: I removed the the ones you asked me to like I withdraw it. Over here there was option withdraw pending umHassaan Ahmad: Wow.Aiza Khan: connection request. Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Aiza Khan: Uh so I did that and then uh I added over here a marketing option filter and then it added new uh contacts on its own and then I I had updated these already the messagesHassaan Ahmad: You haven't did you create the sequence?Aiza Khan: I I did not create the sequence uh a new sequence I edited the same on.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Then show me the first message after connection. Not this one. The first message after connection.  
00:05:49
 Aiza Khan: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Didn't we decide that you need to send these messages manually and not without a sequence?Aiza Khan: So, so I have the uh the the leads that are coming in from sales nav. I updated this the messaging and made it more like conversational and you know uh uh did that. So at the back end these are also working and I am sending connection this a page or this is a page I am sending connection requests separately through LinkedIn. uh and then I am planning on you know messaging them one by one uh so there are like there's a sequence running as well and I am also reaching out to the people on daily basis that I'm getting you know uh you see I was sending requests like thisHassaan Ahmad: How are you identifying these people?Aiza Khan: so I just view their profile see you know uh their role and if they're actively you know working over there see a little bit about the company and I just send a connection request And then uh from today onwards as soon as they start accepting I will you know start sending them uh messages as well  
00:07:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: Why are you not doing this to sales staff?Aiza Khan: because there is another sequence working as well on sales. Uh it is like it it adds automatically all the leads. I just uh want to make sure that that is happening as well. But I'm reaching out to the people myself that I am sending connection requests to because if I if I add these contacts in the sales nav list, they are going to go according to the sequence and I want to do it manually. If that makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: Isaac, it doesn't make sense and I think you misunderstood the email. So, there's a couple of things. The first thing is that if you go back to your sequence, it doesn't automatically add the new leads. Okay? It just doesn't.Aiza Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Aiza Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: the leads that you see at the top, 246, that number has stayed constant. It means that it's not adding new people to the list. It is just going through the 246 people that we identified.  
00:08:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: All right, it will reach out. You can clearly see that there's 1963 people in a queue. The rest have been put through the sequence. I thought that it was very clear what I wanted, whichAiza Khan: ButHassaan Ahmad: isAiza Khan: when IHassaan Ahmad: this sequenceAiza Khan: yesterday, sorry to cut you, Hassan. Yesterday uh it was showing to me 404 uh uh leads and then uhHassaan Ahmad: ItAiza Khan: sorryHassaan Ahmad: wasAiza Khan: 4Hassaan Ahmad: 404 connectionsAiza Khan: correctionHassaan Ahmad: which had not accepted your invites and there were 404 invites waiting to be withdrawn. So you've withdrawn them but you haven't changed anything else. Now what I need you to do is straight away. So go back to your campaign actually turn its status off. Switch switch this off.Aiza Khan: How do I do that?Hassaan Ahmad: YouAiza Khan: IHassaan Ahmad: seeAiza Khan: have toHassaan Ahmad: thatAiza Khan: click.Hassaan Ahmad: little green button on the right hand side.Aiza Khan: Oh,  
00:09:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So now this campaign is paused.Aiza Khan: okay.Hassaan Ahmad: You will not use this campaign anymore. Okay.Aiza Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: What you need is to create a new campaign. You will load people from sales nav and that is the only way in which you will now from now on reach out to people because there is no reason for you to be doing this stuff manually. Connections is something that takes time. You identify your criteria which you have in sales by the way. You get a list of people and then you just let the sequence automatically connect you with those people. What you need to be spending your time on is following up with the people who accept your request. Make sense?Aiza Khan: Yep. ButHassaan Ahmad: Why would youAiza Khan: uhHassaan Ahmad: spend so much time trying to find people when that's something that you can automatically do? Does that make sense?Aiza Khan: goodHassaan Ahmad: If you are not clear on something, ask the question.  
00:10:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay? But when an instruction is given, please follow that because there is a reason behind that. If you don't understand the reason, ask the reason. All right? Because it's important that you understand this. It's important that you're fully trained on the tools and you're using all these tools to the best of your ability.Aiza Khan: in the email it was mentioned you need to do it manually from now on. So I started doing everything manually then maybe I took it you know I misunderstood that soHassaan Ahmad: The email was very clear that you willAiza Khan: I'm sorryHassaan Ahmad: use the sequence to connect with people and then you will have a conversation with them manually. Is that not what the email said? Do you know how to use sales?Aiza Khan: not really I'm just searching people and then uh whenever I have to look and then it shows me I I don't know how to add the list otherwise I'm you know uh viewing the profiles and everything it's just like LinkedIn so that's not really hard but I'm not really sure how to you know um add the accounts I saw a filter I clicked on it it it said said marketing and then it had around I don't know 900 leads and I just clicked on that and it it it came in my search saved search and uh I thought it's being added over there.  
00:11:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: either gripify is one tool, sales nav is another tool. ThoseAiza Khan: IHassaan Ahmad: toolsAiza Khan: haveHassaan Ahmad: will only speak with each other once you make them speak to each other. Okay, go to dripify. You see that little button at the bottom right? BottomAiza Khan: this one.Hassaan Ahmad: right. Yes, that is your help button. Use it to ask questions and learn about Ripify. So ask a question. What what do you not know about Ripify? You see? So go back. You see the ask a question option atAiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: the very top.Aiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Just type in your question. Ask it.Aiza Khan: But I wanted to know I found what I wanted to know over here. So that's why I just clicked it directly.Hassaan Ahmad: Fine. So that's how you learn. All right. And you have the same level of help available from sales staff. So, you not knowing something is not an excuse.  
00:13:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: I'm willing to buy. All right. You have the options to use the help. You have the options to watch some YouTube videos and figure it out. And you have the option to just come to me and ask me a very specific question. Hey, how do I do this? I cannot find this from hell. What we can't have is you not doing stuff because you haven't figured out how to. Does that make sense?Aiza Khan: Also um this message um it was that this was running through the old sequence that you had set um and then uh she said happy to share and she's having um a webinar kind of thing. I don't know she's speaking there so she said you know you can join in. I was like great. So is it okay if I you know like listen to it for a bit and then get an idea of what she was talking about and you know then later on message her hey it was great listening to your you know speech and everything and really want her to  
00:14:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: DoAiza Khan: youHassaan Ahmad: youAiza Khan: knowHassaan Ahmad: think that wouldAiza Khan: takeHassaan Ahmad: helpAiza Khan: itHassaan Ahmad: youAiza Khan: fromHassaan Ahmad: getAiza Khan: thereHassaan Ahmad: a demo?Aiza Khan: maybe I don't know because I see an open window over here cuz she said you know she'll be all you know she'll be speaking there already at least I'll get to know a bit about you know uh what her challenges are or what her issues are and then I can make uh my approach accordingly and reach out. I just needed your thoughts. Any suggestions, I'm open to it. But didn't really had any idea what to say after this. I said great and then thought of doing this. But if you have any other thing that you know could helpHassaan Ahmad: Isa, if you think this is going to help you get a demo, do that. Right. My only thought on any matter is if it helps you get your four meetings a week. That's what you have to do, right?  
00:15:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: I cannot read every message and guide you on every message, right? I have to trust that you know what you're doing and you are working towards the outcomes which we have all collectively agreed for you. Right? So please do whatever you think is best, right? But do it proactively and do not wait for an answer from me or Heather, okay? Specific things like the email you got, yes, that's where you need our input and that's where we're happy to provide it, but we can't tell you what to reply to each message. Okay? So please just be confident, just take control, take ownership and just execute. All right,Aiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I will help you set up that sales nav sequence. Actually, I need you to set it up. Do not switch it on, but tell me once it is set up so that I can see if you've done it properly. Right? You have to do these things yourself in order for you to learn. Okay?  
00:17:07
 Aiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. So, the first task that you have to do immediately after this call is get that sequence set up and running. Are you taking notes?Aiza Khan: SoHassaan Ahmad: Heather, anythingAiza Khan: IHassaan Ahmad: you'dAiza Khan: do.Hassaan Ahmad: like to add? You're not doing this here. I don't have time for this. I've got anotherAiza Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: meeting right after that. You're doing this right after this call andAiza Khan: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: then you're telling me that it's done so that I can go in and I can seeAiza Khan: Okay.Haider Sarwar: No, I think as everything you've said so far makes sense to me. Uh again, you know, just just a thought from my end. Um if I was you and if I'm not getting any response and I think that joining that, you know, like I mean I mean you know like you know like that webinar might get you an appointment. I'd join it for a bit, you know, you know, like listen to it, see if it's of any good to me.  
00:18:17
 Haider Sarwar: If not, I'd still pick out one line from there and respond back saying, "Hey, I Hey, so, you know, thank you so much for sharing this. I I did attend your invite. You know, saw you talking about this. Here's what I can do. Link it to that. Maybe that helps." Again, it's, you know, you've got to think out of the box. You've got to think with an approach of how can you help yourself achieve your goal for the day. It's as simple as that.Hassaan Ahmad: Let me put this in an in another way. I did say that I'm not going to give you an input, right? And you decide what you need to do. But here's how you should think about this. How many hours a day do you work?Aiza Khan: Yesterday I worked 14 hours.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. How many hours are you supposed to work?Aiza Khan: 8 9Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, let's say you're working eight hours, not including a lunch break.  
00:19:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What's your goal for the day?Aiza Khan: Book meetings.Hassaan Ahmad: How many meetings?Aiza Khan: One for the day, four for the week.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. And as per the industry standard metrics, what is the required number of calls that will help you meet that goal?Aiza Khan: It honestly depends of on whatHassaan Ahmad: What'sAiza Khan: kind ofHassaan Ahmad: theAiza Khan: conversationHassaan Ahmad: what's theAiza Khan: I'mHassaan Ahmad: industryAiza Khan: having. I cannot getHassaan Ahmad: standard numberAiza Khan: numberHassaan Ahmad: of calls or whatAiza Khan: butHassaan Ahmad: are your KPIs that are expected that should help youAiza Khan: 100Hassaan Ahmad: get done meeting a day?Aiza Khan: 100 dials.Hassaan Ahmad: 100 dials. Okay. So again taking 9 hours a day and 100 dials that you have to do that gives you how many dials per hour? What's 100 divided by 9?Aiza Khan: 11 10 dials now.Hassaan Ahmad: Fine. So, in order for you to hit your goal, you need to make 11 dials an hour, right?  
00:20:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: So far, the math's making sense.Aiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Now, what happens if you take an hour out of this? So if you only have 10 hours, sorry, if you only have eight hours instead of nine.Aiza Khan: I don't get it.Hassaan Ahmad: So, if you are spending an hour listening to some random lady talkAiza Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: about some random stuff,Aiza Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but you still have to make a 100 dials in that day, you only now have eight hours to dial rather than nine. Right?Aiza Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, does that mean that you will need to work harder the rest of the day in order to get that same number of dials and meetings, right?Aiza Khan: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So why would you give a full hour to the hope of booking a meeting when you can instead use the same hour, put in 10 extra dials and pretty much guarantee that you will get a meeting. Make sense? So, I know it's I know the feeling that when somebody responds and you just want to grasp on to anything in order to get that meeting, but we just saw that you have 2400 potential leads in Salesforce alone that you could reach out to.  
00:22:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: 2400. So, don't focus on one, right? Your job is to hit 100 of those a day so that you can get a meeting. That's it. Make sense?Aiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: When you have time, when you want a break, when you want to do anything else, do whatever. Listen to a webinar, watch a movie, whatever. Right? As long as you are working towards the KPIs, working towards the metrics that are guaranteed to give you a result. 80 to 90 dials a day is guaranteed to result in one or two meetings. I've done that myself, so I know I've done that and I've seen other people do that as well. All right. All you've got to do is have good quality numbers, a list of people that you want to target, and putting in the volume. That's it. Okay? And it shouldn't take you more than 5 minutes to make a call, right? And that includes your research. if you have a list of people already identified that you want to reach out to.  
00:23:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay? If it's taking you much longer, if it's taking you 15, 20 minutes, then you're doing something wrong and you should ask for help.Haider Sarwar: It takes us 7 minutes. That's what we looked at yesterday atHassaan Ahmad: Perfect.Haider Sarwar: the most late.Hassaan Ahmad: Perfect. So seven, you've got 60 minutes in an hour and it takes you seven minutes. You can make eight and a half calls an hour quite easily.Haider Sarwar: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay? So it's doable. All you've got to do is focus on the right activity.Haider Sarwar: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: All right? And once you have this sequence set up, it will free you because you will already you will automatically be generating a list of people to call. Okay? Every single person who accepts your connection request is somebody who should be getting a call from you. All right? And once you have a list of people automatically connecting your request, automatically accepting your requests, that's your 10 20 people a day identified.  
00:25:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's all you've got to do. As well as following up with the people who accepted previously, but you didn't get a chance to speak with them. Okay.Aiza Khan: question is there like a way on sales navigator uh as soon as you know the connection is accepted we get their number as well like you know a list is generated some kind of the way you know it's generating for other a list is generating with all those names and we're able to access their phone numbers because I feel like I I might miss some of those accounts I I just want all of them together and right now I'm adding the names LinkedIn accounts, company accounts, everything manually. So if there is you know way if it's directly making a list with the contacts as well would be great. I can just direct as soon as they accept I'll get the notification I'll make a call that hey just just accepted my request. UhHassaan Ahmad: Isa, what I'm hearing right now is you finding another excuse, right? Because  
00:26:19
 Aiza Khan: I'm just tryingHassaan Ahmad: becauseAiza Khan: to make thingsHassaan Ahmad: No,Aiza Khan: moreHassaan Ahmad: hearAiza Khan: automated.Hassaan Ahmad: me out. HearAiza Khan: HanaHassaan Ahmad: me out. No, hear me out. You don't need everything automated. What you need is tools to get the number and be quick on your feet. So, here's what happens, right? And you can verify this. The moment somebody accepts your connection request, you will see them in your messages in LinkedIn, right? Does that one part make sense?Aiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: The moment their connection request is accepted, you will that number that person will pop up at the top of your messages. Right? Show me your screen. Go to your LinkedIn. Go to your messages. So Gam, the second person on the list has accepted a request that was sent through Dryify. Correct.Aiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Click on Giam's name.Aiza Khan: Do you want me to do something else over here?  
00:28:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: What is it doing right now?Aiza Khan: Uh, checking the contact.Hassaan Ahmad: True.Aiza Khan: I don't know why this isHassaan Ahmad: Okay. So first things first, you should always view the person in sales now. So click in more view in sales. Reason you should do that is because sales has more information than that you can use about this person than regular LinkedIn. It's a very expensive tool which delivers a lot of value. So use it. So you can straight away see that he has some contact information but not other. Fine. You can look for other stuff. Open Apollo. Where's your ApolloAiza Khan: extension or thisHassaan Ahmad: extension?Aiza Khan: uhHassaan Ahmad: Click on the extension. for next time. If the extension doesn't open, it will always be right next to. So, it will be in top right where that little puzzle piece is. So, click on that puzzle. There you go. Click on Apollo. That yellow thing is Apollo.  
00:30:02
 Aiza Khan: Yeah, this I know is not showing here.Hassaan Ahmad: That's what I'm telling you. If it doesn't show up, you don't have to refresh the page. You just have to click on that little puzzle at the top. Okay. So, in Apollo, click on access phone. There you go. You have his number now, right? How hard was that?Aiza Khan: And I'm seeing now I don't know which area code which country code this is but uh I've also seen other like uh people adding inHaider Sarwar: That'sAiza Khan: theHaider Sarwar: France.Aiza Khan: okay so I am so I'm also seeing other uh Europe and uh Denmark, Poland and you know other regions as well over there. So areHassaan Ahmad: SoAiza Khan: weHassaan Ahmad: for people outside of the US, engage them on LinkedIn. Do not call them. Okay?Aiza Khan: Okay, perfect.Hassaan Ahmad: Anybody in the US, use what I've just shown you. Find their number. Call them straight away. And when it says click to refresh, click it so that you get the mobile number as well.  
00:31:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Now youAiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: see you have his direct mobile number. So you don't need this to be in pipe drive. You don't need this to be automated. You don't need a list. All you need is to be vigilant. See which person has shown up if that person is somebody that you have already reached out to or not. and then just reach out to them. Copy their name, put it in an Excel file just as you have. Add a few more columns. LinkedIn, yes. Mobile or contacted on mobile, yes. Emmailed, yes. Or date, and that's it. That's all you need. Okay. And then if you really struggle with it, we can think about how to put that in Pipe Drive. But it shouldn't take that long. It really shouldn't. Again, why are you looking at somebody in in England? What did I just say? So, anybody in the US should be the person that you get a call that you that you call.  
00:32:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Aiza Khan: So now I'm not calling the people in UK as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Prioritize the people in the US right now.Aiza Khan: Yep,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Aiza Khan: there I am. I was adding these numbers. So you said that on sales nav it shows you like you know information. So I couldn't find her email or numbers. So I was just checking if it's there.Hassaan Ahmad: So, how have you come up with this list?Aiza Khan: So I put in the s filter over here of marketing and all people owners and then I clicked saw their profile opened it added their LinkedIn account their name their title their company their LinkedIn account his email and if number was there fine if not access access it from the Apollo extensionHassaan Ahmad: How long did that take you?Aiza Khan: started yesterday after shift shift and right now just finished it. So totalHassaan Ahmad: That'sAiza Khan: 3Hassaan Ahmad: that'sAiza Khan: 4Hassaan Ahmad: whatAiza Khan: hoursHassaan Ahmad: happens.Aiza Khan: just to add these  
00:33:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: AndAiza Khan: butHassaan Ahmad: that'sAiza Khan: yeahHassaan Ahmad: exactly what happens when you ignore the tools that you have and insist on doing things the wrong way. Right? Go to sales nav. It would have taken you 30 seconds to watch a video on how to compile a lead list in sales nav and then another two minutes to build a list of 20 people that you could call straight away.Haider Sarwar: Because if you save them with a day and you know create a list for them forAiza Khan: SoHaider Sarwar: let'sAiza Khan: IHaider Sarwar: sayAiza Khan: alreadyHaider Sarwar: inAiza Khan: knewHaider Sarwar: the playAiza Khan: that this is why I was asking you that if there is a way to do that because I was adding hair manually and you said it's an excuse. So okay, no worries. Now how what do I do? How do I do that?Hassaan Ahmad: I don't know. What do you think you should do?Aiza Khan: I don't know. That's why I asked.  
00:34:32
 Aiza Khan: IHassaan Ahmad: YouAiza Khan: don't know howHassaan Ahmad: useAiza Khan: toHassaan Ahmad: yourAiza Khan: do that.Hassaan Ahmad: brain. Use yourAiza Khan: So,Hassaan Ahmad: brain.Aiza Khan: I'll I'llHassaan Ahmad: Look atAiza Khan: thatHassaan Ahmad: the optionsAiza Khan: I'llHassaan Ahmad: thatAiza Khan: searchHassaan Ahmad: areAiza Khan: onHassaan Ahmad: there.Aiza Khan: Google and sorryHassaan Ahmad: What What options are there in front of you, Isa? How wouldAiza Khan: lead leadHassaan Ahmad: you look for a lead?Aiza Khan: filters.Hassaan Ahmad: Did that require me telling you?Aiza Khan: ButHassaan Ahmad: Now define what an ideal lead for you looks like.Aiza Khan: um checkHassaan Ahmad: Just hit enter. Just hit enter. That's it. Where do those people need to be?Aiza Khan: US and UK.Hassaan Ahmad: Just the US for now.Aiza Khan: Okay. Uhhood geograph here.Hassaan Ahmad: How senior should they be?Aiza Khan: What's happen? Oh god. I don't know what's happening.Hassaan Ahmad: We don't care about experienced managers.  
00:36:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: We only care about director, VP, and CXO. Okay? You could go for as well. Yeah, that's it.Aiza Khan: Now what do I do?Hassaan Ahmad: What do you think?Aiza Khan: So select all save to list. Safless I don't know. I need your help here.Haider Sarwar: SoAiza Khan: I'mHaider Sarwar: thereAiza Khan: blankHaider Sarwar: as you canAiza Khan: honestly.Haider Sarwar: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: What what are you trying to do is what's what's the end goal? Why are we doing this?Aiza Khan: You to add it into a list.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Aiza Khan: SoHassaan Ahmad: Where is that list? Why are you addingAiza Khan: againHassaan Ahmad: things? Why are you adding them to a list?Aiza Khan: because these are the person we just selected over here. We put filter on and this isHassaan Ahmad: WhyAiza Khan: theseHassaan Ahmad: whyAiza Khan: are theHassaan Ahmad: did we do that whole effort?Aiza Khan: toHassaan Ahmad: What areAiza Khan: reach  
00:38:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: weAiza Khan: outHassaan Ahmad: trying to do? Like what's what's the purpose of doing this whole exercise?Aiza Khan: to reach out to them obviouslyHassaan Ahmad: Okay. And are you going to be working off of LinkedIn to reach out to them?Aiza Khan: I mean I will take out the number send a connection request I will add them in the list and then uh I'll make a call to them as soon as they accept. So thisHassaan Ahmad: All right.Aiza Khan: isHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Aiza Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Either you're confusing two things and I need you to be extremely clear because we do not have more time to waste. Okay.Aiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: There are two workflows or two channels that are going to be working at the same time. Okay. The first one is the automatic automate automatic piece which is going to be working off of dripify. All right.Aiza Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: You will take a list and you will add it to dripify. For this you will ask dripify how to add people from sales now and you will follow the steps.  
00:39:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, that's work stream number one. The other piece is you will then identify your calling target list for the day. That target list should include the following. One, the people that you are already connected with on LinkedIn. Two, the people that have come through as leads to us on Slack that you haven't been able to reach out to. And number three, any other person that you have identified yourself. Okay, the two are separate. Okay, one can feed into two, but the second one doesn't need to be connected to the first one. Okay, so now what you can do is you can take any of these names. You can open up a new tab. You can just type in Deepa Shaker, type in the company Logitech. If you click on Deepas, click right click and sorry, click on her name. By the way, when you have all of these tabs open, nothing would work fast. So have just two or three tabs open that you're working from and that will make your life a lot easier.  
00:41:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: So now you have Deepa. Click on Apollo. Okay, never mind. Cross it. So, close this. Go to Deepa's profile.Aiza Khan: All there ThereHassaan Ahmad: Why would you go on LinkedIn? Now click on Apollo. What would you do now?Aiza Khan: access font.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Do you see her mobile number? That's it. That's all you need. Take this mobile number, copy her name, put that in your Excel sheet, and that's it. Once you get a hang of it, it literally takes 5 seconds or 10 seconds or 2 minutes to add a person. It shouldn't take 4 hours. You don't have 4 hours a day to compile a list. You only have 20 minutes a day to compile the list. Where is this person?Aiza Khan: Where did she go?Hassaan Ahmad: Again,Aiza Khan: Oh god. This was the T. Did I close it?Hassaan Ahmad: as I keep telling you, when you have 20 different tabs open, everything will be slow.  
00:43:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: Close a few tabs so that things move faster.Aiza Khan: Oh, there she is. Yep. So,Hassaan Ahmad: There you go. Not hard, right?Aiza Khan: Yeah, I am doing this. I am following the same process. I added these like this but I was able to get I didn't have to go to sales. It was directly showing me on LinkedIn as well. So yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: There's another thing that you can do.Aiza Khan: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Log into Apollo. Why do you have two calendars, two Google Sheets, two driies?Aiza Khan: Oh, this is sorry this is the outlook. This is our remote yearHassaan Ahmad: I'mAiza Khan: email.Hassaan Ahmad: not asking about Outlook. I'm talking about why do you have two calendars open?Aiza Khan: Maybe I don't know by mistake I didn't do that. And this I was keeping it so I could show it to you. IHassaan Ahmad: Okay, you have shown it to me soHaider Sarwar: AreHassaan Ahmad: you  
00:45:34
 Haider Sarwar: youHassaan Ahmad: can close it now.Haider Sarwar: welcome?Hassaan Ahmad: Do you need your other calendar right now?Aiza Khan: There you Go.Hassaan Ahmad: Then just close the stuff you don't need.Aiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I want you after you're done with the work to figure out how to build a list of 20 people on Apollo. Okay. Now there's a cheat code which you already have access to and that cheat code is that list of people is already generated. All you have to do is figure out where it's going to be. Where do you think it would be?Aiza Khan: the list of peopleHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Aiza Khan: uh of sales nav that list you'reHassaan Ahmad: InAiza Khan: talking aboutHassaan Ahmad: Apollo,Aiza Khan: or itHassaan Ahmad: there's aAiza Khan: alreadyHassaan Ahmad: list of people that is already here.Aiza Khan: UhHassaan Ahmad: You were literally on it. Never mind.Haider Sarwar: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: Do that after you're done. Okay? because today you need to be on the phone, you need to be calling and we need to get meetings.  
00:47:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: So fixify first. Set up that sequence as I asked you and show it to me. All right. Then use sales nav as your primary source of data. Okay. In sales nav, go back to your sales nav tab. when we are in lead filters. So go to lead filters. There are a few things I want you to always have. These are your search criteria. The first one is the current job title needs to be marketing as you did. Write a note of it. Don't do it right now because you need it as a reference. So your current job title needs to beHaider Sarwar: You gotHassaan Ahmad: marketing.Haider Sarwar: I'll be trying to put you to sleep.Hassaan Ahmad: Seniority needs to be director and VP only. director and VP. Okay.Haider Sarwar: No.Hassaan Ahmad: Company headcount. Click on that. Let me see what the options are. Scroll down. So stay within the 5,000 to 10,000.  
00:49:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's the only company I'd come you should target. Geography should be US. So you see United States.Aiza Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. uh go up. Okay, here's another thing that you can do. So, in recent updates, select the ones that have changed jobs or posted on LinkedIn. Scroll down, you see posted on LinkedIn. Select that.Aiza Khan: posted on. Oh, here.Haider Sarwar: Um, cool. ComeHassaan Ahmad: Did you make a note of all of these?Haider Sarwar: right there.Aiza Khan: Yep. I'm writing on my sticky notes.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, these are the search criteria that you should use. Okay.Aiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Now I can tell you why this is the search criteria that makes sense for us but it's not important right now. What's important is this is the right type of people that we should target. Okay.Haider Sarwar: What?Hassaan Ahmad: Now for today this is where your 20 people are going to come from.  
00:51:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: Go to your other LinkedIn. So LinkedIn and notHaider Sarwar: Daddy.Hassaan Ahmad: sales staff actuallyHaider Sarwar: PopHassaan Ahmad: go to dripify. Go to your inbox.Haider Sarwar: XHassaan Ahmad: Scroll to the bottom.Haider Sarwar: popHassaan Ahmad: Now these are the people. So start from the bottom. Pick 20 or 30 people and start working with them. Okay, this is the easiest way for you to find the right connections. Okay, you're already connected to these people. It's been a month since you connected with them. They have gone through the sequence, but they haven't responded, which means that it's okay for you to now go to another channel. Okay. Now, how would you go to their LinkedIn profile? Click on that chat button below. the chat buttonAiza Khan: ThisHassaan Ahmad: at the one. Yeah. Yeah. Switch it off. Just switch it off. We don't need this. Go up. Sorry. Um, scroll down.  
00:52:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: You have go to leads page. Scroll down. Does it not give you link?Aiza Khan: I clicked onHaider Sarwar: Just clickAiza Khan: this.Haider Sarwar: on theAiza Khan: ItHaider Sarwar: LinkedInAiza Khan: opened.Haider Sarwar: conversation. Yeah.Aiza Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, click on it.Haider Sarwar: Okay. AndHassaan Ahmad: No,Haider Sarwar: thenHassaan Ahmad: it's not doing that.Haider Sarwar: umHassaan Ahmad: Um,Haider Sarwar: it's not here.Hassaan Ahmad: click on her face.Haider Sarwar: No, no, no. Yeah. Uh go back on the right.Hassaan Ahmad: This is taking too long, man. Just honestly go to SalesNaf and search for her name. It's going to beAiza Khan: I'llHassaan Ahmad: muchAiza Khan: just copy paste her name.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, much easier to do that. Okay, that's how you should get your 20 people. There you go. All right.Aiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Haider Sarwar: Just to be clear for for the calls that she's making today, she's already got a list.  
00:54:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: The pro there is a problem with that list. Go to that list. Isa. So I'm looking at these numbers, right? The bottom numbers. So everybody from Natasha, so row 18 downwards, I don't care about them because they do not have numbers, right? So they shouldn't have been in the list. You only have 18 numbers to dial. Now go up. You have RPM livingAiza Khan: I kept these so I could, you know, try them on email. That'sHassaan Ahmad: fine. But what is your target for the day?Aiza Khan: Uh to make calls, book one meetingHassaan Ahmad: Okay. AndAiza Khan: 20 dials. 20 these start. I have to make a list. Dial 20 people from the leadsHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And thenAiza Khan: and thenHassaan Ahmad: you have to come up with 20 new people a day, right? YouAiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: should have the list of people that you have already been trying and try them as well.  
00:55:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, tomorrow of the people that you try on this list that do not pick up, they become part of your backlog and you will add them to your list. So tomorrow you should have a list of 20 new people plus as many of these as haven't answered plus any that you have been trying to reach out to. So that way you would have a running list. So this file at the end of the week should have maybe like 300 names that you could reach out to. So every day that you come, you wouldn't have to search for the number, right? You wouldn't have to search for the person. You would just have this file and you would know which person you haven't spoken with so far and you can just connect them or call them. Make sense?Aiza Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Use color coding. So any person that you speak with or connect with, make it yellow, right? Or whatever. Whatever color looks pretty to you, it's for you to keep a track of.  
00:56:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: So you don't have to go to pipe drive every single time. You don't have to do all of that stuff. All right? This is for you to keep a track of, right? So you can have this list over here or you can make this in pipe drive, whatever. You know the things we're looking for. We're looking for number of meetings. We're looking for the data to be recorded. Yeah. And we're just looking for outcomes. Okay. Can you set up So, I've got to go in like 1 minute. When you're setting up your leads for the new Dripify campaign, there's one more filter that you need to apply. Go to your sales nav. You see saved searches. Go there. Um, this one, the second one, I think. Uh, which is the one that I set up? The first one or the second one?Aiza Khan: Uh, theHassaan Ahmad: AreAiza Khan: dateHassaan Ahmad: both ofAiza Khan: is  
00:57:57
 Hassaan Ahmad: these the ones that I set up?Aiza Khan: Yeah, this is the one I think we added right now.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't remember saving it. Click on that. Oh, actually it it is saying that our search was saved.Aiza Khan: I saved it now over here.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, never mind. Go to save searches.Aiza Khan: The second one.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, this is the 2,400 or so people that you were seeing in your list. Yeah.Aiza Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Now, of these people, you are connected to a few people now, right? because of the other sequence. Make sense? So those people need to be excluded from the new sequence that you're going to put. Make sense?Aiza Khan: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: SoAiza Khan: butHassaan Ahmad: the way you do that is by clicking on that um arrow at the top next to account. Yeah. You see connection. So where it says best path in click on connection uh sorry click on plusAiza Khan: This one.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah select that IAiza Khan: Second.Hassaan Ahmad: think you should be able to exclude it. Um hover over this the green one. Okay, you got um Okay, exclude this. So cross just select second degree connections and third degree connections. Okay, when the results appear, save this search. And this is going to be the search that you use for the new Dripify campaign. Okay.Aiza Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. I've got to go now. Um but please make sure that these things are executed and share your new LinkedIn sequence with me as quickly as possible. Okay. All right. Thank you.Aiza Khan: All right.Haider Sarwar: Right. Aiza an office.Aiza Khan: Muffiness.  
Transcription ended after 01:01:09

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
