---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Hassaan/Garry - 1:1 – 2025/11/24 16:30 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:36:36.341Z
meeting_date: 2025-11-24T17:00:59.080Z
---


Hassaan/Garry - 1:1 - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's weekend, you know.Garry Doel: So, um, she's a mortgage advisor.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, was that the Shabban said it was like some consultant lady who you guys spoke with? Okay. All right. Yeah. So what we have now learned very very like this is databacked is that anyone who comes in through meta is like 80% guaranteed to no show right whereas people who were coming in from LinkedIn much much better like I think you had what fourish What the three paying customers that you have?Garry Doel: So I'd say that I would have agreed except our three customers that we have are from Meta.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What about the three or four that have said that they want it in the last week, but they haven't yet paid?Garry Doel: So, I think the mortgage lady was LinkedIn. So, it's hard to tell. We don't know. Um, it's simple. So, because we can't really tell if it's linked or matter. Um, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You can just ask question.  
00:01:10
 Garry Doel: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: So are you. So in all of my sales calls I the first question is hey so I'm assuming you saw our ad or you know where did you hear about us from? It's a simple question it out very quickly.Garry Doel: Yeah, I should doing that. It's true. Should be doing that actually.Hassaan Ahmad: But yeah, I mean it's a it's a good way to break the ice anyway, right? Because the way I usually ask that question is, "Hey, so presuming you saw an ad like, yeah." And I'm just like, "Where was it again?" They be like, "New."Garry Doel: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Like, great. So you saw an ad, you clicked on it. Naturally, something caught your interest. What is it?Garry Doel: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And that I mean that is the best discovery question in the history of discovery questions because that then gets them talking about what piqu their interest anyway.Garry Doel: Agreed. Um, agreed. Again, honestly, some of these calls, if you're on them, you'd be like, I don't I don't get it.  
00:02:13
 Garry Doel: But I mean, they spend like an hour on the call with us telling us that it's amazing and that they definitely they like to do it and then you hear nothing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry Doel: Why would you bother spending an hour with us? I don't get it. UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So Gary, I this has happened twice this year with me where the CFO of a $700 million organization and the CFO of a $320 million organization have shown an incredible amount of trust, an incredible amount of interest who both committed to me.Garry Doel: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And you you haven't met Shanka, have you? So not Mark.Garry Doel: No. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So Mark's boss Shanka who's like who runs northern region were both committed to Shanka they will sign by a certain date and guess what they have not done right I mean these things are always going to happen rightGarry Doel: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that's that's sales for you right there's a reason why people dislike sales and part of it is that where everything can go smoothly And people can say, "Yes, we want it. Yes,  
00:03:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: this is the best thing that has happened since whatever." But then they just fail to follow through.Garry Doel: Yeah. Well, then we are also getting So, we had a really nice call with a lady with a clothing company. It's a management consultant and has set up her own thing and all the rest. And then you're like, "So, she's she sounds interested. Um, but like $199 sounds like a lot of money to her." And I'm like, "Really? a month. $199 a month. Lot of money. Really?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Garry Doel: It's Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Happens.Garry Doel: But the long and the short of what you want to hear is what are we doing? Um and I think the answer sadly is we have three customers, three paying customers. Um so my answer is I would love to. Um, but I would ask you guys to then be working for free and that I can't do. Um, and I I wouldn't want you to and I don't think you Well, I would like you to, but I don't think that's right.  
00:04:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: No. Yeah.Garry Doel: Um, I I will very sorely miss having Shabban on all the calls, even just somebody to chat with when it's a boring no-show. Um, but I just can't afford it as a simple answer. Um, I would love to. Um, I think we've actually just kind of got to almost crack it. I'm not going to say crack it, but we are getting positive.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Garry Doel: So, we are starting to get customers. Um, but probably two months too late, I'd say. Um, so that's not the answer I want to give you and it's not the answer I'd like to be doing, but bluntly and I can't say this to my team, I run out of money altogether by March. Um, so in March, I literally just have to let everyone go. Um, my aim and what I need, I need to be getting two customers a week to be able to keep going. Um, and that'll get me to July and in the meantime have to do something else.  
00:05:45
 Garry Doel: Um, to keep us going um, it's possible if the people that are saying yes actually pay. It's possible. Yeah. I I don't know. Um, so yeah, the long and the short is I I I can't afford you guys as much as I would like to. Um, yeah. I mean, there's there's no sugar coating. It's as simple as that. Um, I would love to continue working with you. I would like to work with you guys in the future. Um, but I have to somehow figure out how I'm going to pay for this. I have an income. So, my total income for the business is $600 a month currently. So, you can figure that one out. Um, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Look. Um, as I said earlier, you're a friend first, customer second, right? Completely understand. I just wanted to know what I'm doing, which I'm not honestly.Garry Doel: No, I get it. I I get and Siobhan has been really nice and really helpful and and I am going to I don't quite know how I'm going to do this.  
00:06:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry Doel: Um, so I have a lady called Sakshi who's working for me who I would like to ask to set up all the calendars and stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Garry Doel: I think the blunt answer to this is it's just going to be me doing it. Um, but I would like to get the tech working. So, you guys have managed to get ads that are at least getting some responses and we're getting some meetings. I'd really appreciate if you guys could hand that over in a way that we can just keep it going.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry Doel: Uh, probably yeah, she's she's the one Well, she's the only one around at the moment who can even vaguely pick it up.Hassaan Ahmad: to Sachi, right? Or to the username passwords, but look, let's try toGarry Doel: um she should have access but she says she can't see the ads and stuff and she's tried it on a few times to talk to a deal and not managed to get any meetings. Um alo the issue I have is we have like a week and I'm away in this week and we need to figure out how do we get to the websites?  
00:07:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: sort this problem out right now. Where are you?Garry Doel: How do we get to, you know, you guys have sent up contact us things. How do we link that through to the Slack that you guys have got? Can we just keep it running? Have we got to change something? I have zero idea because ideal for me is it just carries on.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Um, it'sGarry Doel: And you know, I I'd love to say to you, can you carry on just doing the LinkedIn ads? Um, but I it it doesn't make sense for you guys. And bluntly, we we only get paid $199 a month to do that ourselves.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry Doel: That's not worth your while. So it it Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry Doel: Um not that I'm aware of.Hassaan Ahmad: Look, no worries. Can you log into I assume you have access to Creative Genie LinkedIn campaign manager. Yes.Garry Doel: No, I have no idea what you guys I think have set up all of this.  
00:08:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: Did we off the fox?Garry Doel: And again, I'm the wrong person. I know you think I'm technical, but I'm really not. And when it comes to Meta and LinkedIn, I have zero idea. Um, the ideal thing is just get a deal and Sati to have an hour together. She can ask him all the questions set up.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry.Garry Doel: She'll know what she needs to do. I haven't got a clue.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So, I've gotta interesting.Garry Doel: So, I wouldn't actually know where to go.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Yeah.Garry Doel: So, ever been into LinkedIn campaign manager or it's just not something I know.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, you and I are pretty much in the same boat because I frankly Okay, I found it. Campaign manager. Let's open this up. Creative Genie D conversions API account setting manage access. Why can I only see this here? Tra Christmas Gary door can't look for you people.Garry Doel: But that's not going to get us.  
00:10:16
 Garry Doel: So, even if I can get into there, I How does it make a message to Slack?Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Garry Doel: I have no idea how that works. How does it Just like there's a load of things. I just haven't got a clue how it works.Hassaan Ahmad: Uhhuh. Um. Yeah. Okay. Fine. Let me get a hold of Adil. And um I know Sakshi and he did they did talk. Adil shared some login but not to the LinkedIn ads manager. So that's fine. I Yeah.Garry Doel: So if they have talked I haven't spoken to Sachi in well in a couple of days really. So if they have talked maybe maybe this is done and I don't know about it. UmHassaan Ahmad: No, I can't see you guys in the creative genie ads account and I have no idea how to share that with you because it's on our business manager. So, I frankly have no idea what happens. I'll ask the right people and we can give that to you.  
00:11:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: The integrations are easy enough to figure out. Any any developer can sort it out. It's a quick Zap year integration. I think we've done. So the long and the short is we have to do a hand over to you in the next before the close of this week. Correct.Garry Doel: if you can please and and I am a way a away Thursday is my brother's actual birthday and Friday I'm literally not near the internet so really for me we need to just try and but again Sachi isHassaan Ahmad: That's fine.Garry Doel: quite competent I'm sure she'll be able to pick it up and Adil knows what he's doing so if the two of them can talk.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry Doel: I just again I if I pick it up I'll just make a balls off of it. And do you know what as much as I can't afford you guys if the meetings stop I just lose my business altogether.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Garry Doel: So I really need to make sure that we don't if possible has it.  
00:12:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Yeah. I think on the meetings stopping piece, we need to resume the ads because the money's run out obviously, right? Um, it has run out today actually.Garry Doel: Oh, I wasn't aware of that. You nobody's told me LinkedInHassaan Ahmad: I think last time we spoke it was what 4 400 or so, right? So the spend is 30 pounds on meta, 60 on LinkedIn. So yeah, so that's run out, which means sorry, but that's what's getting me all these leads.Garry Doel: 60 on LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: Correct.Garry Doel: Dollars or pounds.Hassaan Ahmad: pounds but but you don't need to my advice to you irrespective of you keeping us or not is going to be forget about meta only run LinkedIn right because that is where the qualityGarry Doel: $120 a day. I can't afford that. f****** hell.Hassaan Ahmad: is coming from and by quality I mean people who actually show up yeah so my analysis on that is it takes you about it cost you about $275 to bring in a customer through LinkedIn.  
00:13:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry Doel: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So 275 is your customer acquisition cost through LinkedIn based on the campaigns right now.Garry Doel: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: As you run them, it will obviously go down, right? Just need consistency and so forth. And from each customer that is based on the seven or so people that have said yes, they want to sign.Garry Doel: For a demo as opposed to a customer. You mean But so those seven haven't come from LinkedIn, have they?Hassaan Ahmad: So I'm calling I'm counting that or I'm calculating that on verbal commits as opposed to people actually paying you. Oh, so that is based on the four. Yeah, let me just show it to you.Garry Doel: Yeah. But but here's the funny bit. The three that have signed were from LinkedIn. The four that have said they will sign but haven't from from LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: You got to give them more than a week, Gary. Right.Garry Doel: Yeah. True.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, this is what you spent on LinkedIn or this is what we spent for you on LinkedIn.  
00:14:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: This is the meta campaign specifically for the done for you campaign of which you have seven let's call them total verbal yeses.Garry Doel: Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes. So that takes your customer acquisition cost to 422 right. Um however my advice to you is going to be focus on LinkedIn. That is the four people who have said yes to you so far.Garry Doel: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: They haven't paid. I'm very confident that by the end of this week they should convert.Garry Doel: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You can cook this up really quickly yourself. Right. So divide this by this and that's 275 and that's based on a very low spend of 1100. Yeah. As you continue this this 275. We Adil and I were talking on Friday. We think in the next month or so you should start seeing this in the low 200s or so, right?Garry Doel: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Which means that the cost to acquire a customer versus what they're paying you every month, it should be one to one.  
00:15:25
 Garry Doel: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If you retain them for three months, which I have no doubt you would, that's 600 lifetime customer, a lifetime value per customer, right?Garry Doel: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So that's your path to making your business sustainable, right? Meta brings leads, but all of those are time wasters or 90% of those are time wasters as you've seen, right?Garry Doel: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Right. I think there were what, 11 signups or 11 demos last week, of which five showed up.Garry Doel: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: And the ones that didn't show up were the ones with Gmail, Yahoo. The one that didn't show up today had a Gmail.Garry Doel: Sorry. So, we're saying spend is $60 a month on LinkedIn. So, that's $1,800.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's see. Advertise. This was so this was the spend 092. I think we do it at the campaign.Garry Doel: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: No, we don't do it at the camp.Garry Doel: So, sorry. This is Meta. So, this is LinkedIn. Yeah.  
00:16:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, um UK USA I think we stopped running that we these were the two that we were running. ed it. So 65 and this was 65 or 60. 65. Yeah. Okay. Now most of your customers or the everybody who has said yes last week were they based in the US?Garry Doel: Uh yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. In that case just run this one which is C1 A2 USA $65 per day. Um and that is where most of your leads are coming from.Garry Doel: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Garry Doel: So, the other ones but the others are saying there's conversions, but are they ready?Hassaan Ahmad: conversion in this um in this scenario means the event that we're tracking but LinkedIn's conversion is not good. Meta is very very good. This data never one to one maps to what we are seeing across the board. So I would ignore this. Um this is good. So it's getting good click-through rates. It's quite decent.  
00:17:53
 Garry Doel: So, can I get can we get them to talk tomorrow because it looks like I am going to need to get a card on this and start that LinkedIn going again straight away cuz otherwise I'll have no customersHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry Doel: next week and then I'm dead in the water.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, irrespective of that, you could put your card in and we could hit. Okay. I mean, we're still you have still paid us for a week. So, what's stopping you from putting in your card now?Garry Doel: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, for sure. Um, 100%.Hassaan Ahmad: So we'll get literally $1.99 per month, done for you ads management for 199. And the one that has performed the best has full service meta management 199 per month.Garry Doel: So, sorry. Can I just have a look at those ads? What are we saying on those ads? What's Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So So that's that's the ad that has worked really well. This one's really well. I mean, your offer is very very simple, right?  
00:18:50
 Garry Doel: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: They Yeah. So we can get that going. I think we have to go here. Billing visa 772. If you give me your card, I can put that in. I change it.Garry Doel: Um, I can try and find it. I don't have it, but I can tell you. I think um ah if it asks for a pin, it's not my card. So, if it asks for a pin, we bug it. Um, otherwise I can give you a card.Hassaan Ahmad: I can't it has to go through a deal. I'll ask him. I'll tell him that you will give us a card. We'll put that in. We'll run these. We'll start this campaign again. And then in the meantime, he has to do a hand over to you. Okay.Garry Doel: That'd be cool. Um, so I will Where shall I put the card details? And then I'll have to get the guy in London to do the pin when it goes through cuz I'm assuming it'll ask for uh uh it'll send a text or something.  
00:19:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: I believe so. Yes.Garry Doel: Yeah. So it's not my card so I will need to get that checked. Um This is looks like it's under Creative Genie.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. The one thing that I don't know is um how do you how do we transfer over the account from our business manager to you? But again, Adil and Sakashi can figure that out. That's a dumb problem.Garry Doel: So that should be showing an error account.Hassaan Ahmad: This is remote business manager and then the genie is a account created under remote business manager.Garry Doel: Yeah. So is LinkedIn going to be the same as Meta and it's got to warm up.Hassaan Ahmad: Um um on this campaign, no. If you start a new one, then probably. But you already know what's working.Garry Doel: No, no, not on this one. So, so what I'm wondering is, do we need to get this one going and just run it under you for a few weeks and then start another one that we spend like $5 a day on or something and let it warm up or something like that?  
00:20:55
 Garry Doel: I don't know. Um, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: again. That's an ideal question.Garry Doel: Okay. I have no idea. Let's let the let the other people figure it out.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Garry Doel: Um, so can I just check how much were we spending a day though because you said one at 65, then another at 65, and then you said there was meta as well. So, how much were we actually spending?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we were spending 65 per campaign and there were two campaigns running on um that was on me like so if you go here you can see that these were so initially we started running this then we switched it off and we literally split that into UK and USA for both of those campaigns what we did was the budget budget was $65. These are identical campaigns, but the budget is per campaign.Garry Doel: Yeah, that one says 50. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: The f*** is Oh, it's the other. Sorry. Oh, no. No. That was the wrong one. I was looking at the wrong one.  
00:21:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, the UK one. Yeah. So, the wrong one that was spending 65 and we were bidding $7 per click.Garry Doel: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: And the USA one we were spending 65 and again bidding 7. I hate LinkedIn.Garry Doel: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. USA 65 and 10. So US is necessary a bit more expensive. So $10 per bit. So keep the same thing. LinkedIn was recommending 2418. We were getting results for 10 which is good. Um per click.Garry Doel: So really we want to run the USA at 65 and 10. So is that 65 it'll a spend day and 10 is for what is sorry f****** hell per landing page click.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry. Yeah. Per landing page click.Garry Doel: So you have got this link to our landing page or is that just a click through to our landing page?Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Oh, so this is linked to where does it say that?Garry Doel: So, is it linked to the book a demo or is it booked to getting to our landing page?  
00:23:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: It is linked to Yeah.Garry Doel: The landing page. $10 to get them to a landing page. f****** hell. That's a lot.Hassaan Ahmad: You will get a lot of conversions though.Garry Doel: Wow.Hassaan Ahmad: The people who do come in and hit this button from LinkedIn, you will converting a now.Garry Doel: Hit the button. But that doesn't mean I hit the button, does it? Just means I come. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so the way the funnel works, I'm you already know this, right? is you've got to bring them to the landing page and then you've got to get them to book a demo with you, right?Garry Doel: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What you were or what Remoteier tries to do is make sure that it's all so clear at every step of the way that you're bringing the right people in through the funnel, right? Which is why the ads say what they say, right? It's filtering people right at the very top and it's saying, "Hey, this is what we do. This  
00:24:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: is how much it costs. click on this only if this is relevant to you. When they click on that, they're already showing you intent that hey, this is something that I'm interested in. Landing page is just a way for them to or for you to build credibility blah blah blah.Garry Doel: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: by the time.Garry Doel: Can I ask just because I've got to get on to another demo, which is a good thing, although I don't think they'll turn up.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes, on web flow and we have already shared the details for web flow with sakshiGarry Doel: Um, this page, this is on Creative Genie, correct? Or this is a quote. Okay, cool. And then the calendar is once we've got into Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: calendar is shaban so we need to switch it out but I think on web flow you can do that quite easily.Garry Doel: Okay. So, we could just get that. So, I'll need to set up calendar there because I'm going to have to do all this. Okay.  
00:25:23
 Garry Doel: Um Okay. Look, anything you guys could do to help make this easy and get us at least keeping going would be greatly appreciated.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Garry Doel: Um, yeah, I'm a bit worried about the spend, but is what it is. So, what is the total spend we spent this month? Just so I can get my head around it.Hassaan Ahmad: this month on LinkedIn.Garry Doel: Yeah. And meta. Well, let's start with LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: This month actually let's make it last 30 days. So on LinkedIn you have spent 1124 1100 across three campaigns. You will not be running those three campaigns. What you will be running is in my recommendation and humble opinion is just this one which is 368 but we've started at I think middle of the week or something or middle of the month or something.Garry Doel: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So keep yeah I think you should be okay with this meta as good as it is in giving you the vanity metrics of bringing people in. Um it  
00:26:24
 Garry Doel: Yeah. Okay. So, that's not as bad. That's £846 if we just do this. That's a little bit more. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: just sucks at quality like really sucks at quality.Garry Doel: Yeah. How much do we spend on that in the month? Just so I know. Just so I can do the the top to 800 / 1.3.Hassaan Ahmad: 546 226 so about 800 on this. So roughly half and half. See that's 772 that's 772 pounds meta is pound.Garry Doel: And that's dollars as well. Yeah. Or pounds. Oh, f****** hell. Okay. So, that is that is probably vanity tweet on the So, you probably want to spend your money on LinkedIn is probably where we got to go.Hassaan Ahmad: That's what I would recommend. Um, you could do maybe like an 8020 split. So 80% LinkedIn, 20% on Meta, but that's going to be on whoever's running the campaign. So that's all the optimization strategy that you could run.  
00:27:30
 Garry Doel: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry Doel: Okay. Okay. Yeah. And the last thing just so I hop on the call and we can talk again during the week but you know please do say to Shan this is not no reflection on him. Um I've enjoyed working with with guy he's a really nice guy and yeah he's been helpful getting it all going.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry Doel: This is no reflection on him.Hassaan Ahmad: It would be it would mean a lot to him if you deliver the message some later when you don't don't do that today.Garry Doel: Yeah, of course.Hassaan Ahmad: Let me tell you this is going to happen.Garry Doel: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um but sometime later in the week maybe just send him a note or something. I think it will mean a lot coming from you.Garry Doel: Maybe if you'd tell him after Wednesday would be nice because we still got calls until Wednesday. Um well, I don't know when you have to tell him. You tell him when you need to tell him, but it Yeah, it'll be well whenever it it it is what it is.Hassaan Ahmad: That's that's fine.Garry Doel: I will talk to Sashi tonight. I'm seeing her in a short while and I will ask her to um reach out to a deal again or will you reach out to both of them or how do we do this?Hassaan Ahmad: What I am going to do is I have a going on with them on Slack. I will send them a message and I'll just say, "Hey, let's get a 45m minute call in or 60 minute call in to do handover." And I'll just do Don't worry about it.Garry Doel: Please, anything you could do would be really appreciated. I am sadly I'm on holiday as well, which makes it so much harder to get any of this sorted. It's just Yeah. And then we need to keep talking.  
Transcription ended after 00:29:14

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
