---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Creative Score/Remotir - Catch up – 2025/04/03 16:00 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:40:12.551Z
meeting_date: 2025-04-03T16:07:57.476Z
---


Creative Score/Remotir - Catch up - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. So, um I'll call the elephant in the room, right? We've been going for roughly 3 weeks, right? One week was lost because of uh Omar got sick. So, the person who was starting, he got sick and so far, no success, right? That's that's the big thing that I want to call out. Um, I'm not too worried about it to be honest because of a number of reasons which I called out in the email and and generally anyway. Um, in terms of the activity that he has made, right, and the results that he's got, they're pretty much well within the tolerances, right? He's had the right number of connects. He's had the right number of conversations that we would expect during the activity. um just hasn't been able to convert. Now what that in my mind going through the notes going through the conversations with him um and reflecting on them there's a couple of things that we needed to tweak right so the first one is just who we were calling.  
00:01:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, initially we were calling the manager persona um or you know the the people in creative marketing agencies and so forth. And as I discussed with Jordan the other day, what we figured out was that calling to them and pitching the solution to them is like asking somebody to mark their own homework. Right? So the first learning was we needed to elevate the conversation. we needed to go a couple of levels higher target straight uh the people who are either responsible for assigning the budget or delivering against that budget right which is what we're doing now the other bit is um I was quite concerned with the fact that you know he wasn'tGarry: ComeHassaan Ahmad: able to get past theGarry: on.Hassaan Ahmad: initial pitch stage in the conversations and a few of the conversations that he had and um again listening into conversations he was leading in with features so he was talking more about AI. He was talking more about the data points and so forth and it just wasn't resonating with the people again because it wasn't targeting the pain that people are experiencing.  
00:02:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: So everybody's got one solution or the other or one way or the other to quality or sense check their their creatives. But what they're concerned about um the conclusion that we reached was or what they're unable to guarantee despite having all of those measures in place be it science or art is the quality is the objectivity is actually making sure or get having a sense of shity that what they're doing is going to deliver. So that's what we're targeting now, right? And we're starting to see we're starting to see some initial response. So yesterday um Isa made 20 something calls 22 23 calls by um and she felt that she was getting one the pitch was more resonant right. We still need to find the right number of people and and we need to put in the right number of activity in order to get the right level of responses, right? Because once you make 80 or so calls or 40 calls, you can expect one or two conversions, right? That's typically what the metrics go. Um, so today she's going to ramp up.  
00:03:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: She's got a list of 100 numbers which I just went through. She's going to call them and hopefully we should have some response in that. So it's it's still a matter of calibrating for us, right? We're still in the calibrating phase. We've now got the right product. We've knocked out the right messaging. And now it's just a matter of u putting in the volume and and seeing the results come through.Richard: Okay.Garry: C can we go through that message again? So I listened to it in Psych and then gave you my quick thoughts. To be fair, I haven't listened to it since I know this isn't a pitch, but if you don't get somebody in the first kind of five seconds, you've you've lost them, haven't you? So I just want to make sure and I guess the audience has also changed but what is it that we saying in those in that first sentence about why creator score is why they need it.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, before I get into that, Richard, you heard that as well.  
00:04:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: What was your your thought and yourRichard: Well, well, IHassaan Ahmad: concernRichard: think interestinglyHassaan Ahmad: about it?Richard: interestingly enough. I kind of almost interpreted the call message as a uh agency pitch rather than as a solution pitch. If that makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Richard: So, and you say it's not a pitch, and I probably agree with that, but if I'm receiving anything, it has to be something that piques my interest, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Richard: Okay. So, interestingly enough, the comments you just made earlier, I'm not sure were clear and resonated in that in in that message. So, quality, objectivity, uh, and, uh, improving effectiveness, right? For me, those are the things that effectively creative score helps to do, aims to do.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Richard: So to improve your effectiveness is the outcome, but it does that by looking at the quality of what you've actually produced and does that in an objective consistent fashion. Now, I'm not sure that that that for messages and resonates against what I heard.Hassaan Ahmad: That's a fair comment. That's That's a fair comment.  
00:06:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: Before I respond to that, we've just booked the first demo for you guys. Just got a message on Slack.Garry: Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Um we're going to do a demo. That's the one. Yeah.Garry: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So yeah,Garry: SomebodyHassaan Ahmad: so we're gonnaGarry: cut. Yeah. Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Richard: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Demo booked. Um Jordan's going to take Jordan's going to take that demo andGarry: Sorry. IsHassaan Ahmad: yeah,Garry: it Have you spoken to him as well?Hassaan Ahmad: I am chatting to him, but we'veGarry: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: looked at his calendarly and uh the slot should work for him.Garry: cool. Awesome. Very nice.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry: Who are the cyber security guys? Small. They're smallish, but do you know what? Anyone is anyone?Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Doesn't matter. Yeah.Richard: So, so I and you know for me that will be the next stage in the pipeline right will be theGarry: Sorry.Richard: deGarry: Can I can IRichard: butGarry: pause  
00:06:52
 Richard: let'sGarry: for oneRichard: focusGarry: second?Richard: Oh,Garry: Sorry. Can I can I one second because I will forget this. I don't think we have a plan when we convert a customer to offer them something to recommend us to other to recommend us to some of their their friends. And that is the single easiest way to get more customersRichard: weGarry: isRichard: did talkGarry: to getRichard: about thatGarry: somebodyRichard: actually.Garry: using the product to and we need to think of what we offer them and how do you know what it can it it needs to be something that's going to appeal to them and it can even ideally it's a product value because it costs us the less least but there can be something else attached to it as well. UmRichard: additional tokens for nothing.Garry: forRichard: In fact,Garry: another but I think quite an important oneRichard: in fact, the tokens would be the thing because that one reinforces currency of tokens has an associated value and two we want people to engaging in using more right now.  
00:07:57
 Garry: yeah I'm yes I am also wondering if we go one step further at some point and it's a box of chocolates or it's a something that people actually want that's not just another work Um but anyway let's not sorry let's not digress now that's great newsHassaan Ahmad: AllGarry: on let'sRichard: Okay. So, let's justGarry: get is a step furtherRichard: Yeah. I mean, a couple of things that So, just so so on the messaging, Hassan, that's kind ofHassaan Ahmad: right.Richard: my feedback. I'm interested to hear Gary's thoughts. I don't know whether that aligns with your thoughts, Gary, or not.Garry: trying to remember what I heard if I'm honest but I doRichard: IsGarry: rememberRichard: it worthGarry: getting back on the feedbackRichard: Can we just listen to it again?Garry: how easily we can do it on this. Um,Richard: Just wondering if I've got it on my phone. Let's have a look. Hold on. I don't know if you're going to be able to hear this or not. So, let me just see if I see if this will work.  
00:09:03
 Garry: so I went back with saying, how do you know your agencies and teams are creating the most effective content for your brand? And how do you measure this effectiveness before launching?Richard: So that's pretty much in line with mine on objectivity, quality, uh, consistency, and improving effectiveness.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry: Okay, look, I'm happy to be wrong. It's whatever works at the end of the day. I don't care what it is. It's whatever works. ButRichard: GoodGarry: thatRichard: read.Garry: was meRichard: HoldGarry: forRichard: on.Garry: for the audience they were targeting. It may well be different for the new target audience you're approaching.Richard: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So, it's going to be different for each of the three personas that we're going to target, right?Richard: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Richard, what you're talking about is and it should be the pitch for the CFO, right? It should be the pitch for somebody who's responsible for ensuring that the effort that their teams are putting in, they're effective. Right? BeforeRichard: Yes,Hassaan Ahmad: I get to that, right?  
00:10:11
 Richard: thatHassaan Ahmad: So, soRichard: couldHassaan Ahmad: there'sRichard: beHassaan Ahmad: a caveatRichard: thatHassaan Ahmad: to that.Richard: could be though that could be chief revenue officer, it could be sales and marketing. Remember these are primarily B2B clients, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Richard: And therefore it could be any of those like the guy's got responsibility for sales overall, the guy's got responsibilityHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: for marketing overall, the guy's got responsibility for finances overall. It could be any any of those. If our pitch has been to junior middle ranking marketeteers, then to be honest with you, you know, the easiest way for them to say is I'm already using a tool, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: which is which is what we learned in the first instance, right? But but hear me out. Let me let me complete my thoughtRichard: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: now.Richard: Go on.Hassaan Ahmad: You're the CFO, right? You're getting a cold call. I'm sure you get 30 different cold calls every day, right?Richard: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: What is your knee-jerk reaction to every single one of those calls?  
00:11:06
 Richard: mining.Garry: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: When they talk about when they talk about a pain when they talk about a painRichard: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: that is not at the forefront of your mind at that very instant.Richard: I'll tell you what's always at the forefront of my mind as a CFO.Garry: heat.Richard: Anything that improves effectiveness of my business. Anything. Whether that's cost, drives revenue, reduces risk. any of those three things. So, somebody talks to me about something that's improving the effectiveness of my businessHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: and I am full on right now because I'm a CFO and I'm in the firing line now for AI, right? Because AI is the big thing, right? Because AI should be being deployed within my business right now. I it's completely going to be up there as a CFO if you know I I haven't quite worked out how to address AI right now, right? because I've got a thousand different tools coming at me, right? But if the tools that are coming at me are talking about my effectiveness as a business and why, then I'm going to take the call.  
00:12:11
 Richard: If it'sHassaan Ahmad: F rightRichard: justHassaan Ahmad: up.Richard: I'm trying to sell you a piece of software, it's notHassaan Ahmad: That's exactly what it is. Right? So the way we're approaching about this is and this has been my experience effectiveness is important, right? But the knee-jerk reaction that I've received personally in most of my most of my career is we're all right for now, right? Or I'm not the right person, we're okay for now, etc., etc., right? Unless it's something that is burning hot right now. Unless you're looking at a report that says you spent 10 million on marketing and you got 0.6x return on that, right? You wouldn't well a lot of CFOs that I've spoken with. They they don't they unable to connect the dots at that very instant. Right? So we approach that with slightly softer angle which is why we're saying hey this is the context this is what we have seen in the industry right is that a problem or is that a concern for you right now so  
00:13:21
 Richard: I'veHassaan Ahmad: that'sRichard: justHassaan Ahmad: whereRichard: realized,Hassaan Ahmad: the pitch wasRichard: sorry,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: I'm going to get this out while I've made a note of it. I've just realized there's a slightly different pitch here because you've you've just been drilling down on what a CFO does, right? And one of the things when a business is is not performing orHassaan Ahmad: H.Richard: not performing as well as you want it to as a CFO is is to cut uh what I would say non-core spend is right and very very frequently and you say about CFOs not necessarily realizing it every single bloody month end I can tell you this as a fact as a CFO I look at the level of marketing spend that's going on each month, right? As an overhead, right? And we've we we may have missed a trick here with regard to the marketing people. How do you protect your marketing budget? You protect your marketing budget by talking about improving the effectiveness of your marketing by by almost giving a view with regard to how we are now qualifying our spend.  
00:14:33
 Richard: And one of the ways we're qualifying our spend is we're looking at a quality score.Garry: Can I jump in for one second?Hassaan Ahmad: This this I like this. I really like I would change one word. Um how do you protect your marketing budget fromRichard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: or how do you justifyRichard: How doHassaan Ahmad: yourRichard: you justifyHassaan Ahmad: marketingRichard: your marketingHassaan Ahmad: spendRichard: budget? Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: from CFO's scrutiny? Right?Richard: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: So, how are you standing in the finance leadership meetingRichard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: every month andRichard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: justifying what you've spent?Richard: I've just realized something that we've missed.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Richard: It's like a little space in the middle there.Hassaan Ahmad: that's a good one. That is a really good one. Thank you for that.Garry: c can I just I listened to that thing again quickly in the background. I know what was bugging me with it. So she was starting with I see you're running multiple campaigns. Um how do you make sure that you're balancing them and making sure that they're effective?  
00:15:24
 Garry: That's why people are coming back and going, "Well, I have stuff to do that because we're missing the fundamental part of effective before you launch them." So, everyone has tools that measure how their campaigns are doing. And that messaging doesn't say, I don't think, I listen to it quickly, how do you make sure your campaigns are effective before you launch them?Richard: pretty orange. Yeah.Garry: And and that is fundamental because ask anyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry: marketeer, how do you make sure your campaigns effective? They go, I've got tools for that. But how do you make sure it's effective before you launch that?Richard: Brilliant.Garry: Haven't got tools for that.Richard: And in fact, and in fact, I can tell you what market what finance guys do. This actually aligns with what we were just talking about. I can tell you what CFOs do. They will even pull the spend on a campaign when it's already in in plan, right? They will pull that campaign because they will want to sp save the money from that campaign, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: So, I've actually done it myself.  
00:16:21
 Richard: I've seen they've already started the initiation of of the campaign, the activity and stuff and they said, "Well, we we've done the we've done the creative on this already. We've actually been with the agency. We've done the creative on it. Um, and that's we spent, say, $10,000Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Richard: on it, and now we'reHassaan Ahmad: that'sRichard: going toHassaan Ahmad: theRichard: spendHassaan Ahmad: sound cost.Richard: $100,000 for launching it into into Google, right?"Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: And I've gone, "No, you're not. I know you spent$10,000. We can use that creative again. Fine. You're not spending $100,000 on Google." In fact,Garry: Yeah.Richard: Lockbridge,Hassaan Ahmad: That'sRichard: youHassaan Ahmad: fair.Richard: remember Gary, we actually pulled some Google activity on it a lot. I I did that a lot and that was only as a consultant.Garry: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, IGarry: SoHassaan Ahmad: love this conversation. This isGarry: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: helpful. And Gary, you've picked up the right the right thing. Um, what you heard was last week.  
00:17:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: What we're going in this week is the wording includes um where is it, man? um predict ad performance or ensure it's going to be successful a version of that before spending a penny. So we have includedGarry: Perfect.Hassaan Ahmad: that.Richard: Yes. Right.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. So that's already been included in the wording and it will evolve, right? So as the number of calls ramp up, as the experience ramps up, right? We're literally discussing each and everything, right? Uh, and we we'll continue to calibrate and we'll continue to make sure that it continues hitting the hitting the mark.Richard: Okay.Garry: So, one thing, sorry, can I and I'm just going back to what I'm talking to Adil about and I think he's completely right and I can't believe we bloody missed it. We don't have a button on the website for book a uh demo. Um, but do we just shove one anywhere? Do we want one on the front page where start a free trial? Should we have a book a demo?  
00:18:12
 Garry: How do we get that? I'm conscious obviously Adnan is going to be out the picture for a little while. I can ask my designer just to chuck something on. It does feel like quite a big omission. And how how are weHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry: doing the book demo? Because we ultimately needed to tell with calendars.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes. So I think Adil's already shared a link with you. So a cal they so he and he and Jordan were talking about cal.com he shared the code that needs to be embedded. So that bit I think they've already sorted the button should go I think there should be at least two places where it goes one at the top one where the pricing is right. So immediately below the hero section should be book a demo and then um below or above the pricing actually below the pricing should be below the below the demo.Garry: That's such an obvious one, but yeah. Yeah, that's cool. Okay, I will I'll just get something in there. Okay, good convers. I like this conversation because well and also please don't feel that we are criticizing we're not we're all just trying to figure make this work.  
00:19:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: It's all right. Not my first rodeo. It's all right.Garry: Yeah.Richard: Yeah, for me for me for me it's about how we how we improve that effectiveness andHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Richard: and get and you know are the things that we're missing. We've just discussed there's a couple of things here potentially that we're missing that we can we we can push through. Um just on couple of quick things for me which are pretty uh they're not that important because I understand them but just on the campaign results versus industry benchmark thing that you put down. Um I think some of your I just want to am I missing something? So if for example you've had uh conversation and the industry benchmark is 22 and we got 17.8 we're 4.2 worse. fine on by the same not interested by the prospect. Uh 27% 29 we're better irrelevant problem with only 18% said the problem was was uh irrelevant. Right? So less than one in five uh think it's irrelevant which means four in five thinking it is a problem. Right.  
00:20:35
 Richard: So, we are hitting four out of five of our customers who we're actually h having a a a conversation with are saying they have a problem.Hassaan Ahmad: No, the way I would interpret the data is is of the people that actually gave us a chanceRichard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: to tell us what we're about.Richard: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: The whatever the percentage is wereRichard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: kind enough to tell us that it's not a problem.Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So those were the ones who gave us real feedback, right?Richard: Yeah. Yeah. But butHassaan Ahmad: TheRichard: soHassaan Ahmad: overwhelming majority about 29 or 35 about 50 60% of those literally just hung up, right? They listen to the pitch or they didn't even listen to the pitch. 29% I think didn't listen to the pitch. HungRichard: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: up straight away.Richard: that beHassaan Ahmad: 35%.Richard: for mult that couldHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: be for multiple reasons. But the interesting thing for me is the ones who listened to the pitch, right, and gave us feedback.  
00:21:31
 Richard: Yeah. four out of five had a problem. So, we're not My point is it's not that the product is not hitting an issue that exists for clients when we get through to that point.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Richard: So, the nugget for me is that four out of five customers who we've got through to that point. Now, they could be pre-selected because they've got a problem. I get that bit. But effectively, we're saying four out of five have an issue that we get to.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I mean, we don't have any doubt or concern about product market fit, right? We know that this issue exists. We know that this is a problem and we know that there is a solution,Richard: Well,Hassaan Ahmad: right?Richard: we knew we knew between ourselves, right,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: and from the conversations, the virtual conversations that we had with various people who we we shown it to that they've got a problem. they know they've got a problem. We haven't actually had a campaign. What would be useful would be just to put some actual numbers, not just percentages on this if that's possible at some point.  
00:22:42
 Richard: If you could come back and just give me the actual stats. So, you probably can from the total population anyway, right? But I would like to see the actual numbers. That makes sense because we made 917 calls, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh-huh.Richard: And of those, how many did we get through to? Uh, we got through toHassaan Ahmad: I think. Let me see. Where is the number? I can send that to you afterwards,Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Richard.Richard: Yeah. I don't need it now. It's just useful to say, so we've spoken to 30 potential customers, right? And of those who have spent time to to talk to us, you know, 25 out of 30 or what these are the kind of KPIs and information that's useful for me because it starts to say send to me with regard to any pitches I'm making for funding or anything else like that that I do in the future says hold on we have actually done some analysis. We've done some sales channel work and we've actually identified people who actually which to be honest with you if I look at our kind of response rates and stuff I don't think the actual response rates to our calling and our emailing is outside of the norm.  
00:23:58
 Richard: In fact, I think in some ways it's probably marginally better, marginallyHassaan Ahmad: I think so.Richard: better.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: But I think therefore what is important to me is not that part of it. Although that is important that we want more responses overall to to our to ourGarry: But but but sorry Richard also you must remember that other Richard has said that he's gone slow with starting off with the emails. He's not gone out because he didn't want to send out millions of emails in a go otherwise you just become spam.Richard: Yeah. Yeah.Garry: So he's ramping it up slowly as he goes as well.Richard: And so none of that none of that changes my view with regard to the fact that when we're actually getting through to customers and actually having a conversation with them, four out of five say it's an issue that they've got. So that's that's a stat that you can literally hang your hat on to say 25 customers who we got through to you to have a conversation about, eight out of 10 said they've actually got an issue.  
00:24:53
 Richard: Therefore, the more important question to me, you know what's coming, Hassan, is if there's eight out of 10 customers who say they've got a problem, I want us to be hitting eight out of 10 customers to take them through to us a trial.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: Right? That's that's for me the nugget. That's the nugget that's important because the pipe the pipe at the at the top you can grow and grow and grow by activity levels, right? You could or improvingHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Richard: your targeting. So we know what those four out of five customers now look like, we can then improve our targeting so that we're flushing all of those contacts are coming through that we're trying to get through to conversion. Okay. So if then on on that basis the important thing for me was actually if I then take that view then forward we know those numbers of customers have got an issue and have said they've got an issue. It's not irrelevant to them. It's relevant to what they're trying to address. We had 23% of those who who weren't interested in a a response following on, if I'm if I'm reading your pipeline correctly, said that they've they've got existing marketing teams with similar tools.  
00:26:07
 Richard: So my question is if they've already implemented similar tools, you know, the next question then is would you mind telling me just if you could just tell me what that tool is that you're using? Nothing more than that. Just which tool it is that you're usingGarry: What'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: because then that gives us competitor information as well. and yourHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: and your ability to get somebody to do a trial or to convert is if they've just implemented ad creative or something and they think that's the same tool then then then we then have got some better understanding of what it isHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: that they why it is that they're not willing to even do a trial. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Great.Richard: Did did and I don't know if we can just tag that on in terms of our conversation but it would be really useful to know what other tools they because if they turn around and go yeah well I'm using uh I don't know come up with a Google Analytics right I'm just using Google Analytics. Yeah I've got a I've got a similar tool that tells me about how well I'm doing because I've got Google Analytics.  
00:27:11
 Richard: Well actually Google Analytics we Okay. So they think that's what they've got, right? When in fact, Google Analytics is telling you post, not preHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Richard: reinforces Gary's argument, we need to make sure we've got it in advance of of their marketing activity being being launched. And two, that actually is that is more statistically data driven in terms of that's just clickthroughs and so forth. that is not actually giving you a quality score of how well you've createdHassaan Ahmad: It'sRichard: yourHassaan Ahmad: not measuringRichard: quality.Hassaan Ahmad: effectiveness. Yeah,Richard: Yeah. So, so I think if we can get that additional information, I would it would be important to it would be important to me. I think it'd be important to Gary as well to understandHassaan Ahmad: absolutely.Richard: if they're saying they've already got a tool that does this for them.Garry: They don't.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Garry: No, they don't. UmRichard: But but that's their perception, Gary. And that's what we want to understand and hear is is their perception that what they think they've got actually is doing what we're doing.  
00:28:11
 Garry: so I was going to caveat what I was saying is they they don't to the level we have they may well be using neurons or something like that which means they have some form at tool what we need to be going is ours is better ours is cheaper ours isRichard: That's later on. But for me, even if they say they got neurons, fine. We we we've got that information right now. So we now know of the customers who've got an issue, they've implemented neurons.Garry: If if they have a tool, can we please ask the question, what is that tool?Richard: Yeah, that's the key.Garry: If they come back and say it's HubSpot, we can go that isn't a tool. If they say it's attention insight,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry: um or um neurons or one of those, we can go ours is cheaper and better. Can we convince you why ours is better? Um, but anyone else we need to be going thatRichard: DoGarry: isn'tRichard: you know what? Do you know what Gary? It is much easier in my experience of trying to sell something where they have got nothing or they've got a a a product which isn't what our product does than  
00:29:17
 Garry: good.Richard: something they've already spent time, money, and effort to put something in already. It'sGarry: Yeah.Richard: much more difficult to get if if I just spentGarry: Yeah. Yeah,Richard: fiveGarry: Richard. Yeah, I get that. I get it. I'veRichard: me for me that will be the second stage to go back to customers who've got something toGarry: want toRichard: goGarry: record record that they have something so we know people are sayingRichard: exactlyGarry: to use thatRichard: and what is it they'veHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: got because if they've got something that is not our tool and does not really do in the sphere in the sphere that neurons us others do then we can then look at them and go back at them because they haven't really got a tool thatGarry: There'sRichard: doesGarry: enough people that don't have those tools. That'sRichard: but but that but soGarry: plenty.Richard: that's why I'm interested in understanding what it is that they've got orHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: that they thinkHassaan Ahmad: SoRichard: they'veHassaan Ahmad: that's  
00:30:04
 Richard: got because that changes our pitch as well.Garry: Okay,Richard: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely. So that's a key objection that I'm coaching the team to be able to spot and handle effectively. Right.Richard: Okay.Garry: cool.Richard: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Because literally eight out of 10 people are going to say, "Yeah, we already do that." Right? I think uh the the pitch that I sent you Gary the second part of that is a version of I'm sure you do an organization of your scale wouldn't function or or the type of operation you have wouldn't function unless you had creative quality checks but typically those checks involve either spending money and doing AB testing or paying an agency to look at that for subjective opinion. Is that what you're doing or do you have something more sophisticated like an AI tool? Right? And that's how you kind of flush it out. If they say, "Oh, we've got an agency." Great. Can I actually show you how your competitors are doing that before they send something to  
00:31:06
 Garry: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: agencyRichard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: or sendRichard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: check what's coming back from agency? Actually, better yet, send me your creative one that you have just got from your agency. I'll run that through the system, send it to you, and then we can talk you through that. Right?Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That'sGarry: SoHassaan Ahmad: why I'm coaching the team to be able to do, right?Richard: Wait.Hassaan Ahmad: But it's just a matter of having those conversations. The more we have them, the more fluent we get to it.Garry: yeah, of course. So I I think we should let it run. We've you've got the feedback in the ideas. I think some of it's quite good. So um protect your monthly budgetHassaan Ahmad: I think so.Garry: for the CFOs.Hassaan Ahmad: I think so. Yeah.Garry: I think umRichard: Yeah.Garry: I I think that's good. Um I've got a slightly separate question. I'm going out for lunch with Katherine tomorrow. Do I try and pitch or ask her to get me a contact in the marketing side of Anna plan or is that not worth?  
00:31:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: I can get you a contact. I mean, that's not that's not a problem. Ask Katherine if she can swing it.Garry: So,Hassaan Ahmad: Bye.Garry: is she I I would rather not if we can do it another way and and there's no point in me doing it. If she's going to have some sway or some input into it, then I can ask her. ButHassaan Ahmad: even if she doesn't I don't think she has enough sway to make Cleonyi who's the head of marketing to do something right but I think she's a valuable enough member of the team and we've got enough focus on pipeline generation right nowGarry: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: um that any opportunity to improve the effectiveness of the team is going to be welcomed. Yeah. So, my plan is every Monday we have a pipeline generation dayGarry: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um at an plan and I'm just going to bring it up and I'll just be like, "Hey, I've tried this tool. It is actually pretty good. It's helping me get more responses on the LinkedIn posts I'm putting out and stuff, whatever it is."  
00:33:00
 Garry: So, shall I leaveHassaan Ahmad: Um,Garry: it with for now or shall I?Hassaan Ahmad: bring it bring it to Katherine as well. Yeah. You can never have too many people fightingGarry: Obviously,Hassaan Ahmad: theGarry: I'mHassaan Ahmad: sameGarry: notHassaan Ahmad: fight.Garry: mentioning you at all.Hassaan Ahmad: OfGarry: I'm veryHassaan Ahmad: course.Garry: aware of that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry: Um, okay. Cool.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: Okay.Garry: Cool.Richard: Okay. The other things probably just worth just updating on is just as from a wider sales effort is um I'm now reaching out from my side to some of our potential uh workshops, customers and so forth. And um I think Jordan's starting to do the same. So we're starting to pull together some feedback and you know we will do we will do the same and then we will we will uh put that into a synopsis which we can then share with you with regard to what we're finding. Um I think we'll be doing a this workshop right Gary I'm waiting to hear back from Ian so as soon as we've got that set up we'll do that with a head of digital marketing on a enterprise size customer and hear what he has to say.  
00:34:04
 Richard: Um and I think we will um we'll also be doing some of our other activities that we've got in the other channels. So again any feedback that we start to get I think we can then start sharing because if that helps improve improve your pipeline activity then then then that that will be valuable as well. UmHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Richard: and just one thing I just want to understand because I think it is always always a question that you're asking yourself. um is some what somewhere along the lines first of all it was quite surprising that of all the of the people we got through 10% 10% of them the businesses were out of business that's a one in debt which which was quite quite a quite a surprise so um but if that was US-based that doesn't surprise me in a way um the other one was uh it was buried in there somewhere I did see but I think it said uh discontinued the call after price implications. It didn't it didn't seem to itHassaan Ahmad: afterRichard: itHassaan Ahmad: budget budgetRichard: Yeah.  
00:35:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: implications.Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: So budget as opposed to price. It's quiteHassaan Ahmad: Maybe a title. Yeah.Richard: Yeah. Because if if because the price is likeGarry: Sorry, hang on. But you don't want them to discontinue at that point. You still want to try and do the free trial. So, is there a are we not bringingHassaan Ahmad: ItGarry: inHassaan Ahmad: ItGarry: the freeHassaan Ahmad: wasn't price. It was budget. The The first thing wasRichard: budgetHassaan Ahmad: budget where they saidRichard: theHassaan Ahmad: weRichard: wordHassaan Ahmad: don'tRichard: priceHassaan Ahmad: weRichard: isHassaan Ahmad: don'tRichard: onHassaan Ahmad: have budget.Richard: in theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: analysis. It's actually budget implications. I I don't have any budget for any software right now.Garry: So that's fine, but I would still be pushing them to say absolutely fine. Totally get it. There's a free trial once you go and give it a go. Then you know for next year if it's something you'd like to  
00:35:57
 Richard: That'sGarry: includeRichard: that'sGarry: in yourRichard: the response.Garry: you can do.Richard: That's that's the response to that question is and that response that rejection is it is a free trial. Go and try it. SeeGarry: We're not teaching us.Richard: Yeah.Garry: I'm pretty sure you would have told them to do that.Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Richard: Okay. because I think it's important that they just have those responses back if there's reasons for rejections that really aren't genuine reasons for I mean they canHassaan Ahmad: it'sRichard: sayHassaan Ahmad: just people fobbing you off basically.Richard: I haven't got any budget and ifHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: you say that you haven't got any budget that's fine I haven't got any budget today that's fine just do us a favor just take the free trial and when you have got budget once you really like the product which I'm sure you will then you can then allocate some budget to to for it for next quarter or next year or whateverHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, that's that for me, I think with this product is a really really easy objection to handle.  
00:36:49
 Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Like, yeah, we hear that we hear that all the time. No CMO has a budget because they're spending so much on their agencies,Richard: OnHassaan Ahmad: right?Richard: their ineffective agencies, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Richard: And andHassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Richard: once you got themHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: hooked to have the conversation about their ineffective agencies and how much they're spending on their ineffective agencies,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: they can quickly find $49 a month or whatever.Garry: Yeah.Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that's that that one's easy. Um I've got a side WhatsApp thing going with Jordan as well. So really good to see the content coming out from Creative Score LinkedIn page now. So they're startingGarry: IHassaan Ahmad: toGarry: justHassaan Ahmad: put someGarry: IHassaan Ahmad: real goodGarry: justHassaan Ahmad: content.Garry: gave him a slap.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, IGarry: ReallyHassaan Ahmad: thankGarry: nice.Hassaan Ahmad: you for that.Garry: Did you see Oh, you don't know the message I gave him. really nice  
00:37:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: No,Garry: pieceHassaan Ahmad: IGarry: of creative says click here to start and no f****** link like marketing 101.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry: Come on.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. AndRichard: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: I was justRichard: I'mHassaan Ahmad: like, you just just tag HubSpot, right? Because if you're talking about HubSpot and you know there's going to be a thousand people looking at HubSpot, just tag them, right? It's going to bring in more content. Uh so that effort is good and that's going to tie in neatly with what we're going to do on the ad side of things. What I've also started doing personally and every member of the team's also doing that is reaching out to uh so doing cold connection requests to people on LinkedIn. Started it today. I've already connected with um marketing director at who is this guy? someone in Mexico City out of nowhere. Um, at Pisa Pharmaceutica. I've connected with a lady at Wellness Living. So, thingsGarry: HowHassaan Ahmad: areGarry: How  
00:38:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: startingGarry: do youHassaan Ahmad: toGarry: do thisHassaan Ahmad: move.Garry: and not get yourself in trouble at work? JustHassaan Ahmad: How do I do this? And notGarry: get yourself in trouble at work. Just make sure you don't get yourself in trouble at that plan. That's all I'd say.Hassaan Ahmad: all right. I'm not telling them something um that would incriminate whatever the word isGarry: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: doGarry: No,Hassaan Ahmad: me.Garry: it's fine. I'm just justHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry: you don't get yourself into issues.Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I mean the thing is it's umGarry: It'sHassaan Ahmad: that'sGarry: your hobby.Hassaan Ahmad: the beauty of leading with it's my hobby and that's the beauty of leading with a problem rather than a solution, right? So my simple message is I'm helping marketing teams increase return on average spend by 15x. Can I show you how I'm using AI to do that? Right? OrGarry: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: how your peers are using AI to do it?  
00:39:15
 Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean, if you're not interested in that, then there's something wrong with you, right? Um, and if it's it's a chain, right? So, a connection request acceptance doesn't mean that somebody's interested, but that's somebody that we could reach out to, right? That's now slightly warmer, whereas this person was previously dead cold. So, nowGarry: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Isaac can take this and take it from there.Richard: Yeah.Garry: Nice.Richard: Okay.Garry: Um I am I am working with Grove on various things. He's taking me to an agency. I think I've got a meeting with him next on the 11th small agency but it looks like they do Nissen with Adelman and um some others. He seems to think he can bully his way in there and just make them take it. He's So I will see obviously whenever there's a sales pitch I'll try and get you in Hassan. Um I'm working on him to try and get the bigger ones. um where I then want you to try and hopefully lead maybe alongside next to whatever it is.  
00:40:13
 Garry: Um but yeah, I'm working on him. He's he's an interesting guyHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry: when heHassaan Ahmad: Look,Garry: meHassaan Ahmad: I think.Garry: likeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry: 50 thoughts. Um but yeah, I I am I'mHassaan Ahmad: HonestGarry: making progress.Hassaan Ahmad: honestly, I think we actually launched the product what two weeks ago,Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? We've got the first demo book. And we've got multiple channels ongoing. We've got aRichard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: good partner strategy. We've got your your LinkedIn pages now getting active. People are starting to accept the connection requests. We're getting some good messaging. I think despite the lack of results, we're on a really good trajectory. And Richard, you would have seen that with a lot of businesses that we've done in the past, right?Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We'reRichard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: three weeks in. I think there there's a lot of really positive momentum. Let's stay stay the course at least another month two. I think we've got to give this thing another, you know, couple of months  
00:41:11
 Richard: HassanHassaan Ahmad: to reallyRichard: Hassan,Hassaan Ahmad: see where this lands.Richard: it's just very much my nature to be across it, especially sales channels early on in every business that I've ever been involved in because you want to correct things quickly if they're notHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Richard: working right. Okay, that's just my very nature. And by the way, as a complete aside, Gary, I never miss an opportunity to to sell. Right. So, at tennis last night, spoke to the guys last night. They said that there's a national tennis center that does pickle and and paddle and stuff like that, which is getting momentum. And they're just going to relaunch. They've been doing all their stuff outsourced. They're about to get their website redone. I said to him, look, we'll give you a free trial. So, I'mGarry: No,Richard: gonnaGarry: forget that. We have a company that can Well, we got aRichard: don'tGarry: YouRichard: worry,Garry: needRichard: I will do that. I I'llGarry: as well.Richard: do that. Most important for me creative score right now.  
00:42:01
 Richard: I It was literally two minute. He was telling me how bad my backhand was. I was telling him, "I can pitch you something to helpHassaan Ahmad: HowRichard: you withHassaan Ahmad: badRichard: yourHassaan Ahmad: your creatives are. Yeah.Garry: I've So, I've got a separate question then. I'm just going to throw it out there, Hassan. Um, we've got a marketing agency. Um, and we are wanting to take them out and pitch them. Um, they have a website. Everything's done. It's all It all looks good for a marketing agency. It's the whole marketing agency spitting thing. Um, I can't spend 1,800 quid or anything like that on on them. They haven't got any money at that side. I'd spend a little bit. Um, is it something you guys would also like to look at or not or is it just not in your wheelhouse?Hassaan Ahmad: What is it again? Tell me.Garry: It's marketing agency. So, I got together with um if you go and have a look at, in fact, let me bring it up.  
00:42:52
 Garry: Um um you can see so um one of the guys who work with Kavinda owns a multi-awwardwinning agency in Sri Lanka and I can't share my screen. Don't know why. Oh, but it says I am sharing. Can you see?Richard: Give it a second. Take a second.Garry: No, let meHassaan Ahmad: areGarry: tryHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry: try once more. Oh, I know why I think. Okay, I'm in incognito. So, that's probably why it won't show. Okay, doesn't matter. But so, it's an it's we basically teamed up with them because we saw an opportunity that well a designer full-time. I mean, you'll know this from Pakistan. Um, but a designer full-time for us is 180 quid a month. Um, we can get a McKenzie consultant. We haven't got one yet, but we can get one on,500 quid a month. Um, so we've built an agency there or started to build um an agency there um of skills that we're hiring in there. Some of you now doing the Creator School stuff, some have done obviously works.  
00:44:16
 Garry: Um but there is a there is an opportunity here to sell on this one. You could own the whole funnel in terms of just doing the email marketing doing the whole lot I think. UmHassaan Ahmad: What kind of ticket size are you expecting?Garry: so starting fairly well small compared to this uh sorry small but not compared to this. So minimum ticket size would be3 grand a month 3 yeah £3,000 a month £5,000 a month or £12,000 a month for the kind of ticket sizes we're looking at.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Can you share that with me? Let me have a look and then we can have a proper discussion.Garry: Well, soHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Garry: let me take back to Jordan. He's also a partner in it. Make sure that he's happy and agrees. I can't see any reason if if you guys are happy that to have you guys out selling would be I think it'd be great. Um but let'sHassaan Ahmad: Sure.Garry: see. Um, so okay, let me take it back to him. If if you're happy to do something, and again, it's going to be mostly on the profit share because there ain't much money in it.  
00:45:15
 Garry: Um, at the moment, but there might be some opportunities as we go.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Share that with me. Let me have a look andRichard: Gary,Hassaan Ahmad: thenRichard: as an aside, if when I'm out there talking about creative score, if there's something you want me to do on the agency, you just need to send me some someGarry: Yeah,Richard: credits orGarry: weRichard: something.Garry: might as well because look, I'm seeing it all as a whole ecosystem. So, wherever the agency goes, they will use creative school. Um andRichard: Okay?Garry: createRichard: So send me if you got any creds or anything, send it to me and then I can always forward it on or whatever. It won't be it won't be my I tell you now it will be my secondary. UmGarry: I say please don't lose focus though and that would be my only thingRichard: that'sGarry: to youRichard: my point. That's my point isGarry: know no matterRichard: secondaryGarry: whatRichard: to me. It'sGarry: creativeRichard: not.Garry: scores prize one  
00:45:55
 Richard: Yeah.Garry: creative genie's prize too but as I said to you before I I don't I don't think we ready with an enterprise level product forRichard: No.Garry: a little while I am watching an ad creatives doing bloody Google present presentations and everything. It's annoying me because I want to be there as well. Um, but our product won't be there forRichard: Add creative will accelerate as well now they've got all the cash behind them as well that they need. TheyGarry: weRichard: willGarry: our plan is to start really small in two months, but get a product out there that we can sell to very low-end people and just through marketing channels. It's kind of a you're a mom and pop shop, you're a plumber, you're a this, just buy the product. It's 29 quid a month or whatever it is. So, get off the ground. In the meantime, we'll continue building in the rest of the product. Once we have the more full product, then we can go up the market. Um,Richard: See, see that's where I think say if I take like the national training center that tennis center I was at last night.  
00:46:51
 Richard: These guys these guys just want their website's being run by a third party right at the moment. They want to have an have a create their own website with their own content management system and stuff. And you know, selling them something that they can just test first to begin with to see how how well they're doing and what they're doing is the perfect time to do it. ToGarry: Yeah.Richard: follow that up at a future point in time to say you don't even now use need to use a third party agency for doing any of your content. You can actually now use this to generate your contentGarry: Yeah.Richard: is is is a way through for me for that. And also remember this is my coach so I don't want to piss him off because he's going to hit the ball at me a lot harder otherwise.Garry: So again, let me not confuse things, but IRichard: Yeah.Garry: just Yeah, they all they all feed in. So it's worth talking about. Um,Richard: Okay.Garry: cool. Anything else in your side?Hassaan Ahmad: I had a question for Richard actually.  
00:47:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: Richard, with all these tariffs coming into play and everything, right? How do you how does this impact a CFO's view or creative school?Richard: How does it impact creative score? It doesn't because the tariffs are on product, not on service from the UK.Hassaan Ahmad: Fine.Richard: So theHassaan Ahmad: ButRichard: the key the key thing here on tariffs is I mean first of all there's the obvious silly one which is I'm not sure penguins are actually going to be selling product into the US. You know this, right? He identified there's one country he gave out the long list. One of those countries is an island with only penguins on it, right? So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: and that's fact. So, the interesting one with that is unless the penguins are going to just be identifi people identifying as penguins that are then selling either tuxedos and penguin labeled product into the US and you can immediately start to see, you know, if they then import more fish into the penguin art. So, that's my comedic bit. On a serious note, as far as the tariffs are concerned at the moment, from a UK perspective, it's good news in a way because one, the only base tariffs are actually on um product, not services.  
00:49:01
 Richard: Services are very difficult to put tariffs on because where is the service consumed? Okay. So theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: only way you can do it is on an invoice because there's nothing physical being moved, right? It's all virtual. So a serviceHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: is very very very difficult to put a tariff on. It's only a product because a product is a physical movement. So I think as far as that's concerned, the businesses that will be concerned will be the ones that are moving physical product. Right? So if you look at the stock market in the UK, you look at the US stock market, the immediate reaction is the likes of Aston Martin in the UK who are sending luxury cars over to the US physically. Right now also with something like that, the model that they want to do with the tariff doesn't work anyway because why does somebody in Aston Martin somebody and I know Aston Martin quite well because Rahan who's one of my I'd worked with him in the PE world. He actually advi he used to be working for the Q80 investment fund who owned Aston Martin.  
00:50:10
 Richard: I've already spoken to him about it.Hassaan Ahmad: What?Richard: The whole point about an Aston Martin, a Porsche, a BMW, but particularly a Porsche and Aston Martin, a Rolls-Royce, a Bentley, a McLaren, right? There's a little label that goes inside the engine that says handbuilt in Goodwood by Jerry Smith, right?Hassaan Ahmad: No.Richard: So, handbuilt by Wayne Johnson in Detroit is it goes against everything against a luxury brand, right? Because it's not a luxury brand, right?Hassaan Ahmad: It's about elasticity as well, right? These products, they're not elastic,Richard: InHassaan Ahmad: right?Richard: fact, in fact, if I want an exclusive product like an Aston Martin, right? All of a sudden, the people who were just about being able to afford an Aston Martin on a monthly lease can't afford it anymore because the tariff has increased the price byHassaan Ahmad: OhRichard: 25%. Right? So, guess what? My car's become more exclusive. It's exactlyHassaan Ahmad: yeah.Richard: what I'm aiming for. That's why I spend all this all the extra money on, you know, carbon fiber, uh the coloring on the inside.  
00:51:22
 Richard: I'm having a special paint job because it's exclusive. I don't need to do that anymore because it's exclusive. because less people have got them. SoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: actually for those types of products yes there may be an initial impact but actually I don't think so from a UK's perspective but it's about physical products where what would worry me is for creative score and anybody else like us is if they start saying you we're going to put a tariff on services right but they're very difficult to track and trace. Right?Hassaan Ahmad: That'sRichard: So,Hassaan Ahmad: a very easy problem to solve as well. Just uh incorporate something in Delaware, you know, creative score Delaware. That's it. Problem solved.Richard: so,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Richard: so that is why services are very difficult to put tariffs on, right?Hassaan Ahmad: I think I'm I'm wondering that this is actually good for creative score, right? Because our messaging can be much more punchier for these organizations who are just about Aston Martin who's about to lose a lot of market share  
00:52:39
 Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: becauseRichard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: half the people can't afford it anymore, right?Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And so it's really important for them to get the messaging right in order to really deliver that sense of exclusiveness, that sense of luxury and so forth.Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And the budget that they have is about to dry up, right? So theirRichard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: CFOs are going to be breathing down the marketing teams nextRichard: Yeah. Correct.Hassaan Ahmad: to makeRichard: BecauseHassaan Ahmad: that happen.Richard: their top line they're going to have to increase their so either their sales are going to suffer because their selling price has got to go up. their margin is otherwise going to suffer because they're not going to put increase the price and they're going to absorb that into their own business which will then impact their bottom line.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Richard: But both of which means it's it's it's very important that they get every bang for their buck out of their creative marketing activity to drive either sales to retain sales to get the right messaging across or to help protect their marketing campaigns as a marketeteer.  
00:53:52
 Richard: Because if you don't have marketing campaigns going on, right, you then don't need a marketeteer, right?Hassaan Ahmad: And this should be what the webinar should be focused on Gary. SoGarry: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: protectRichard: ItHassaan Ahmad: orRichard: itHassaan Ahmad: creativeRichard: it's itHassaan Ahmad: effectiveness in an era of tariffs.Garry: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: listen from a CFO, a CMO, and a headRichard: forHassaan Ahmad: ofRichard: meHassaan Ahmad: salesRichard: for for meHassaan Ahmad: talkRichard: for meHassaan Ahmad: aboutRichard: for me it's about that prior to launch improving effectiveness give a quality score an objective quality score and make sure you'reGarry: ItRichard: consistentlyGarry: is, but your headline needs to be something catchy and current.Richard: Yeah.Garry: and creative effectiveness in an era of tariffs is quite coolRichard: Yeah.Garry: that would get people interested. I think that's topical punchy.Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Richard: Okay.Garry: IHassaan Ahmad: ButGarry: think I've asked you this before Hassan, but have you come across Ian Stone before in your dealings?Hassaan Ahmad: Ian Stone, I've heard the name.  
00:54:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um,Garry: So he was he was the original Anoplan UK owner or lencyHassaan Ahmad: uh, that'sGarry: andHassaan Ahmad: where I'veGarry: soldHassaan Ahmad: heardGarry: itHassaan Ahmad: theGarry: and thenHassaan Ahmad: name.Garry: started um was it a Visen or one of those? No, one of them and then eventually I think sold out to PWC and then created all the apps for the app store. He eventually got out. I didn't know whether you'd had any dealings with him, positive or negative.Hassaan Ahmad: I haven't. Um, whyGarry: Only because I've spoken to a few times. I've known him through the years. Um, he is someone we could potentially get supporting us, helping us, maybe even funding some of our stuff. He made a fair chunk selling out his uh his anoplan consultancy. Um, yeah. So, I'm just I've had one or two conversations with him about creative school and I don't want to have many without knowing whether you have any positive or negative. Look, I don't know that anything will come whatsoever, but this Yeah, I wanted to see whether you had a view on him.  
00:55:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: I I mean he was before my time I think but I'm looking at his LinkedIn. The guy was the CEO of Valta. I think Viala was what he startedGarry: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um which was acquired by Annaplan. So he was the apps lead there.Garry: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Could be could be somebody to speak with. I thinkGarry: Yeah. He's an interesting guy. Um Yeah.Richard: Okay,Garry: Okay, that's cool. I just want to make sure there wasn't anyRichard: cool.Garry: any thoughts one way or the other. Right, guys, it's been really useful. I I I would suggest we do this every couple of weeks or so justRichard: Yeah.Garry: so that we canHassaan Ahmad: weRichard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: would. Yeah. So the cadence that you can expect is I will give you so that report should flow through monthly, right?Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um the person that I've put on is still excited, ramped. She's super stoked that she's booked her first demo the second day that she was gone, which is  
00:56:52
 Richard: Yeah, I know. That's right.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So that's good. And and she'll continue to do that. The ads are ramping up through Richard. Um the activity is going to ramp up on LinkedIn. So I expect the results are going to get u much better. But um going forward what's what you can expect is a lot more communication from us because as we start having more conversations would need to calibrate the messages really quickly.Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So umGarry: Sorry. Can I ask one thing? UmHassaan Ahmad: yes.Garry: because I didn't I think it's better coming from you. I don't want to pester Jordan from different angles. I would suggest a couple of our LinkedIn posts also say book a demo and have a link to the demoRichard: Heat.Garry: calendar. So if you want to chase them on that and make sure a few of those are done as well. I've already moeded them but not having a link. So yeah, if you don't that would be great.Hassaan Ahmad: So who's doing that?  
00:57:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: He said that his team was doing it. So it's is that the person in Sri Lanka that you were talking about?Garry: So it's a mix of we've got two people in Sri Lanka at the moment. We've got one guy locally who's helping out. Obviously you know you you know Jordan's going off his wife's having a baby in a few fewHassaan Ahmad: Yes.Garry: days. is slightly distracted trying to do all that. And we probably signed up our first client for obviously works for the the marketing agency and there's another one he went to see yesterday. So, it's he's juggling quite a bit at the moment. Um, so we need to nudge him and and some stuff is falling between the cracks because we were going to we were going to hire content create content writer and they they didn't come through. So then someone else wasn't gone out. So, I think nudging him and reminding him is is perfectly good. Um, but yeah, I I we need some links on there to book a demo to um yeah, trial the software would be a nice one.  
00:58:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, IGarry: So,Hassaan Ahmad: think that's that's the CT we want to go in with. So, um, so that's good. Since you've got already a couple of people doing that, do you think they can come up with some creatives for the webinar? So, Microite, I think we talked about this and a couple of cool images that you guys can put on on your web page. Sorry, not the web page on the LinkedIn page.Garry: definitely some images, but they need to be briefed out so we can give them to them sooner rather than later. So, the designer we've got is I'm going to say junior. They've got about 3 to five years experience, something like that.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Garry: So, they're not 10 years down the line. So, but I think they'll do perfectly good stuff. Micro sites we can build. I think it'd be better if you've got some top level design of what you want. So, even if IHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Garry: then justHassaan Ahmad: Good.Garry: like five minute tell us roughly what you want.  
00:59:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Garry: I have a guy who can do it but he's he's better if he has some general guidance in the first place. Um, and then yes, we have a designer that can that can also look at that over in Sri Lanka. So yes, in the team there's certainly enough people to do it, but it's always difficult when you go create a page, then we create something that's like, well, that wasn't what I was thinking about.Hassaan Ahmad: That doesn't work. Yeah. All right. Cool.Garry: So if you give me,Hassaan Ahmad: Eat that with me.Garry: we can then work with that.Hassaan Ahmad: Sounds good. Um, cool guys. Conscious of time.Garry: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Thank you so much. This was very helpful. Gary, can you shoot across Jordan's creative score email address to me? Um, so we can add him to the invite forGarry: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: theGarry: ofHassaan Ahmad: demo.Garry: course. Yeah. Yeah, of course.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Garry: Okay.Richard: Gary, I just I  
01:00:22
 Garry: HeRichard: justGarry: uses his he mostly uses his resin and the others. So I will sendRichard: Razi.Garry: him. Make sure you let him know that you're doing it on creator school.Richard: Yeah, because I useGarry: YouRichard: hisGarry: shouldRichard: Razi.Garry: do it from school, butHassaan Ahmad: We'veGarry: let himHassaan Ahmad: used this Canonly to book it. Book it. calendar, but we just want the creative score address because the way we've placed the demo is Creative score, CMO is going to take you through the product,Richard: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Richard: Yeah, that makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Richard: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: soGarry: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: that's what I want to. Make sure appears onlyGarry: You've messaged himHassaan Ahmad: what.Garry: and you've got him and he said yes.Hassaan Ahmad: No.Garry: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: IGarry: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: should be okay. AllRichard: Gary,Hassaan Ahmad: right.Richard: can I just probably just for one second afterwards just there'sGarry: Yeah.Richard: one thing I want to just follow up with you.Garry: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't know what's going to happen if I click leave call. But if Ident.Richard: Okay, if not I'll just give him a call, okay?Garry: Cool.Richard: Okay, just a quick one. I was just thinking about Matt.Garry: Yeah.Richard: He's back.Hassaan Ahmad: All right, the call still being transcribed. So I need to switch thatGarry: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: after policy. Stop.  
Transcription ended after 01:01:24

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
