---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Remotir Strategy Session – 2025/11/25 13:01 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:36:32.619Z
meeting_date: 2025-11-25T14:35:30.799Z
---


Remotir Strategy Session - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Stop, bro. Bro, alhamdulillah finally.Adeel Khan: some are good also.Hassaan Ahmad: Although he doesn't know the first thing about LinkedIn ads.Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So basically I had the conversation with him yesterday. This is what your CA is and bring it down to 200s.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. You're not making anything like meta. You're getting a lot of crap. LinkedIn come, but you're getting some good uh good quality from there. So, I would recommend LinkedIn. Yeah. 8020 split, 7030 split, right? He was like, "Oh, yeah. Okay. I don't know anything about LinkedIn." like he has no idea like I she's very capable. I don't know if she knows it or not. We're talking about Gary, man. So, LinkedIn, I showed him the ads. I showed him the stuff and he literally had no freaking idea. So, imagine me like three months ago and he knew less than me. So yeah, I don't know what's going to happen.  
00:02:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: Oh s***. So can you put this card in? Like he gave me a screenshot of his card. He was like, "Can you put this in and restart the campaigns?" I was like, "You do know it's Thanksgiving weekend." He's like, "Oh, I didn't I it wouldn't have even crossed my mind." It's like, yeah, we'll see, man.Adeel Khan: I I want to be that rich in life, man. Like the f*** No, dude.Adnan Khan: I don't know, man. I I don't know if he's that rich. I think he's just ignorance and the bliss.Adeel Khan: He's He's rich. He is rich.Adnan Khan: You think so?Adeel Khan: I know rich people. I like Parker or David are rich people. So, he's rich.Adnan Khan: Maybe just a gambler, man.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Even gamblers, you'll see the tendency of them getting a return.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No, I I think I agree with the deal, man. There's something under the surface which we don't know.  
00:03:20
 Adeel Khan: music. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, yeah. Anyways man bro man because he and I were discussing between now and basically the end of December nothing really is going to come out of the campaigns right so fusible carrot cake or my one login this month so start of November was basically start of a new threeear three-month term for all of them which means November, December, January would be the three months and at the end of Jan I would need to have a renewal retention conversation with them given the fact Thanksgiving week then holidays and all of that s***. I don't think we'll get much from our campaigns in December, which means by the time we come back and we start having we start running the campaigns again and so forth, I would be very close to having that retention conversation which would be difficult. So what we want to do is or what my idea is Santa Claus top Canada guys I'm not going to take the retainers in the month of December we will do some activity but because we will not run campaigns we're not going to take the retainers from you right we'll take the we'll just push everything back by a month so your second month of the contract is going to be January third month will be February that should give us two months in which we are running campaign then hopefully we have results.  
00:05:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: So number one question for you Adil, do you think that's a good idea or would you do anything different?Adeel Khan: considering they are very relatively she's more concerned about like they don't have high budget so it makes sense uh save them money they'll also see it they're trying they're notHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: trying to waste our money That's for us getting paid is probably the best decision for us to do uh from a ads point of view. Honestly, December could also be a very good month because everybody would do what we're doing and we have the thesis behind this is gay since a lot of people like December century is slow business wise a lot of people will go into work and they'll have relatively less to do. So they might be on LinkedIn more, they might be on meta more uh and usually planning strategies and that's all in the back of their mind. So it could mean cheaper clicks uh and cheaper basically results. But that is very very subjective and you usually find that out first two weeks.  
00:06:35
 Adeel Khan: So yeah, but I think since they're very stingy with their budgets, we should probably do the first thing.Hassaan Ahmad: So that then leads to second thing is going what I wanted to use this session for was for the three of us to think about what can we do in the month of December for these guys that keeps the ball or keeps the clock ticking or something like that leadership post with a very low budget per day or something like that to drive engagement, build the audience, etc., etc. I could set up a dripify campaign for Nicole.Adeel Khan: girl.Hassaan Ahmad: Something like that. basically low lift activities for us that still show care we are doing some work but takes the expectation of a high spend or results away for the month of December.Adeel Khan: He Nice editing, bro.Adnan Khan: So both of you both out the flag chat man.Adeel Khan: Christmas Christmas.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, there you go. Hi. Hi. Hi. Ramia.Adeel Khan: You should you should you should send this as your first message to them.  
00:08:03
 Adnan Khan: Christmas Christmas is here early, boys.Adeel Khan: Actually, you know what we should do?Adnan Khan: UmAdeel Khan: We should we should actually let's do we can just tell them tell them that this what do you say think it's a risk to be doing paid because you're not guaranteed a return because of xxx reason. The other side is you can also get this this this if you decide not to do the ads we won't charge you. If you do decide to do the ads we will charge you. So, because I know some founders are very like they wouldn't mind cuz they also think that way.Adnan Khan: So here here's my I I really like that. First of all, for me it's less about the money and the money coming in. For me, it's more about seizing the opportunity. So, when I look at the holidays, there's going to be a lot more people chill, quiet. They're going to be spending more time on the couch. They're going to have less worries in their head about work. They're probably going to scroll social media more.  
00:09:12
 Adnan Khan: And the moment they do that, I I assume they will also scroll like if if you're anything like me, Reddit scrolling, LinkedIn scrolling is a thing. And so then the behavioral aspect of that becomes the reason found that you should do more thought leadership is because this is this might be a good time where people are in the mindset of actually reading your contentAdeel Khan: Okay.Adnan Khan: whereas throughout the year or end of the year they're like deadines complete closing whatever and then because you're doing this work over the holidays sets you up for better success in January. But I don't want to say the last part because that just won't happen. So that could be a way to frame it. Um, if you guys agree, obviously I'm and that this is purely hypothesis based. I have no data to back it up.Adeel Khan: So actually let's also so we give them two options. will be like ads we'll do thought leadership this is the plan pure brand awareness top of funnel low lift activity uh dripify canvas job right the second case is uh if if we do ads we're doing right now that continues basically and we leave the call to them be like what said this is a reason what you said that is a reason and we just basically betray both the arguments.  
00:10:40
 Adeel Khan: If they want our advice, we could be like since you are you're very keen on like saving money etc etc. We would recommend you not do it but it is still your call to doHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, recommendation is okay, we don't run ads. We only do top of funnel thought leadership stuff. We can still boost it and get more eyeballs on it. We're not going to charge you for it basically, right? But if you want us to run full-fledged ads, manage the funnel, etc., etc., then that's We're gonna uh Yeah.Adeel Khan: But you also need to frame it in a in a way that doesn't make us look like an ads agency.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I think that's a easy I mean framing is a easy problem to solve because just be like hey in our experience December is usually quiet.Adeel Khan: No.Hassaan Ahmad: it. Sometimes you can get cheaper eyeballs, cheaper results, but typically people are just not in a people are more in a holiday mode rather than a work mode. So my advice to you is that we do not we pause our activity for the month.  
00:12:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: We can continue the top of the funnel stuff that we're doing. That's a good thing to do because it continues to build brand awareness and so forth. And because we're we're going to pause that activity if we do it it makes sense that we pause the retainer as well.Adnan Khan: Who's writing the post? Are they writing it or are we writing it?Hassaan Ahmad: We can write it, man. I don't think that's a big lift for us. Is it?Adeel Khan: It is. But if it's Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: This is purely a retention play man because I don't feel particularly excited going into a retention discussion 20th of Jan.Adnan Khan: So let's let's pause this discussion. I want to try and do since we're in brainstorming mode, it's 1:14, maybe till 1:30. Should we just brainstorm two or three more possibilities, outcomes, ideas? None of them have to be free necessarily, but like leave the money retention part out of it. I'm just thinking with the downtime month because we've talked about Ripify, LinkedIn ads, thought leadership.  
00:13:33
 Adnan Khan: I want to move past those three mechanisms. What else is there? like is there can we go do I don't think I don't think like all of these things need time. So I'm just thinking of it purely from a build perspective. Is there anything we can do on the organic side? Is there anything we can do like I'm just biting. this is not a good idea, but like go build listings on Upwork, Fiverr, whatever. Not saying it's a good idea, but like getting out there, getting more getting indexed in different places, I guess. Um, could we for our clients for now?Hassaan Ahmad: are we don't Fire appliance.Adnan Khan: Uh, could we do other things? K. Oh, this is the thing we want to start to do in January for you client and we need 14 days of runtime lead time to build this out. And to build this out, we're going to build it out in December for you hypothetically. I'm just trying to get the juices flowing. None of these are good ideas.  
00:14:45
 Adnan Khan: Um yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I think it's worth going client by client Nicole. We can definitely get listings, etc. we can get Ripify campaigns going um and so forth for Nick because he's doing the tripify stuff himself because he's got Barack he's got more of an ecosystemAdnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: our ability to do or our options I feel are slightly limited same goes for my one login as But my login expectation will probably pause the ads in December.Adnan Khan: Yep. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So really it's about Nicole.Adnan Khan: I think it's just about Nicole. Gary's out. I think it's more about Nicole and Nicole has expressed that she doesn't want to burn the money. Um, is there anything we can do in terms of pulling higher quality lists like scraping a bunch of titles from LinkedIn, enriching all that crap?Hassaan Ahmad: we can. So for Nicole, I mean everything requires time and effort, right?Adnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So for Nicole, there's a whole bunch of stuff that we could do. I think we should use the downtime and get her focused on creating content.  
00:16:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: So those videos that we talked about, done those yet?Adnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We get more of those. We get her to start posting a bit more in the background. I can set up a dripify campaign. Um, we could definitely get a list of startups and stuff and build those lists so we can target startups in a different campaign.Adeel Khan: You you just just just off like off topic but up to your drip campaign has make who wants to schedule something mid December. There'sHassaan Ahmad: Tryify, man. It's a gift that keeps giving.Adnan Khan: Is there on the Nicole side? This might just be me and you guys can tell me it's just me. Will it make a difference if we do more? So I've been doing a lot of like audit of different landing pages etc etc. My hypothesis and this is from a very user centric point of view is some of the best pages I've seen are the ones that usually greet with the video. So, if we do end up getting these videos made, should we actually take the opportunity to, I don't know, do a video for the landing page when the person first comes in?  
00:18:09
 Adnan Khan: Nicole Betwal, cuz all her like, man, all her creatives are so sexualized, man. For f***** sake. So, can we if she's into doing that, can we just get her to do like an intro video for the website though? We can get that video plugged in. Would that I'm I'm just like from I'm just thinking from a engagement conversion standpoint like humanizing the landing page a little bit more.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: When I look at my one login, Nicole doesn't have any of that, right? fusible. May it's Nick. Nick has a good product. He get with Gary. He had a cheap offering. Like he had a cheap product. With Nicole, it's like she has a very expensive product that she's selling. There's very very very little social proof or anything to back it up. So that could be anyway I'm overdoing it, but I think that could be one other bit.Adeel Khan: video is good.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm going to start putting a plan together. N I'm going to start writing because why not?  
00:19:20
 Adnan Khan: Can I get a Yeah.Adeel Khan: Video is good for fusible as well. Fixes a lot of problems. But but product demo video is probably nice. It's not product. It's more of her and her expertise. But my login if you can make a video like a product video, it'll be good for us. Or uh we're doing this for literally and I met with Josiah last week.Adnan Khan: H. Tell me about this.Adeel Khan: basically there's a AI sales agent basically etc etc etc he was getting leads for 300 video product demo video very very casual very unprofessional videoAdnan Khan: room video.Adeel Khan: he started getting yeah he started getting leads for $80 so for his case it worked and that's from meta So yeah, videos videos would be nice, butAdnan Khan: It makes a lot of difference, man. Yeah. Um, so I think one thing one thing here worth like putting in bold text is I think even Gary f****** over dramatized the video and we never got the video in the end like  
00:20:38
 Adeel Khan: like who cares? Yeah. Can can I so so logic behind this is getting them to book a call if they don't know you if they don't like you is very hard they're more likelyAdnan Khan: Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I I agree. I mean, it's a it's a user experience problem, man. Very plain and simple. I like I think even if we can just get people to do Loom videos like we can be like that is perfectly f****** viable.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It just needs to so for for for Pago literally we're going to do is talent pool and we're going to be like quotation marks LinkedIn expert AI filter 9 to 10 and we're going to be like dude we have this do you want to you want to check them out book a call.Adnan Khan: Yeah, I couldn't agree more.Adeel Khan: I I I think this is a very socialAdnan Khan: I mean, I couldn't agree more. the moment I like dude my as a user I f****** hate reading now because everything is scroll based field based.  
00:22:14
 Adnan Khan: If I click on something, you have a very little time to get my attention. And the way to do that is the video should autoplay when you come on the landing page.Adeel Khan: depot. It's also basically my creative your creative is working right and then the other ad is just the ad account making $80 demos and be like I'm going to be like theAdnan Khan: Yeah, for some reason that works still.Adeel Khan: white versus brown thing we going to AB test but it's going to be like we're getting leads for $80. Imagine what we can do for you. Something like that.Adnan Khan: Oh, as in John's going to do an ad and you're going to do an ad, but it is history.Adeel Khan: Yeah, this is mine. I was like, digger, not to be racist. Yeah, I was like, not to be racist, but I can be racist, but we should do a white versus brown video.Adnan Khan: You should get a black dude that won't keep coffee community. Coming back to the point.  
00:23:15
 Adeel Khan: Making the video from a blackAdnan Khan: So, so I think I think very tactically I want I would prefer we break this down into what video? I think immediately it would be I don't think I Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's fine, man. You guys can see my screen, right?Adnan Khan: Yeah. I think immediately what we like we can't be everywhere, right? So, there are some things Nicole would have to go do on her own. I think the one video we can probably help her with is the landing page video, landscape video. Nicole just sitting in front of a camera, shares her screen, whatever. It can be a Loom video for all I care. Talks a little bit about herself, builds trust, shows that she's a real human. TL videos, I think she can do on her own uh and post them.Adeel Khan: When a P script video, he hasn't made one.Hassaan Ahmad: talking about.Adnan Khan: Yeah. So, and Beijing they are all um TL for for TL, right?Adeel Khan: The ad focus.  
00:24:20
 Adeel Khan: Yeah. Timeline ads never work anywhere.Adnan Khan: And you were expecting her to post on LinkedIn, right?Adeel Khan: Yeah, but we also run ads on them like separate not on mother car. You said vertical horizontal doesn't matter don't matter.Adnan Khan: Did we did we specify the aspect ratio we wanted to capture those in? Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: these two videos on my screen.Adeel Khan: Sorry. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We're going to ask people for a deal script plus one. She's just talking about herself, her experience, her prior clients, etc. Yeah.Adnan Khan: Hassan Hassan, one thing I wonder with Nicole is why don't we instead of saying why don't we say to her we're going to let go of our ad spend this month but we want to double it next yearAdeel Khan: Heat.Adnan Khan: as in you want to put it back into your ads. So, next month we'll have 8,000 to play with.Hassaan Ahmad: That is the way. So in my mind, the way I'm thinking about is commit or ad spend, right?  
00:25:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: I want you to give me the same pot, but instead of us burning it over us spending it something in December, we double down on that in January.Adnan Khan: in January.Hassaan Ahmad: All of these things so that we're giving you the best jump start that you can get and it's going to be the same for Nick and my login.Adnan Khan: Yep. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So videos is one aspect that's something more for her to do. So what are we doing?Adeel Khan: Come on.Adnan Khan: I want a veryHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Screen Follow.Adnan Khan: I don't know how I'm looking at your screen. I'm just thinking very confused. Oh, Ben like a mirror and everything.Adeel Khan: She she has a chair now too and everything like so There's a light.Adnan Khan: And dude, sorry. Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: This is so good.Adnan Khan: So I think I think yes we should give her a script. I think there is an there is an interesting AI play here. Um and Hassan Han I I think you could I keep calling you Khan because I like it.  
00:28:14
 Adnan Khan: Uh there is a we can probably find like one or two or three people that we really like who do the delivery. We can feed those into like some AI Gemini ideally and we can then say now build a script out for like you know how the game is played and then just ask her to deliver it. So I I think we should do that script leadership that she can do on her own. Uh Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So on that I have a different opinion. Happy to try that. But my my opinion is this. Nicole is quite passionate and she's quite credible. Right. Why don't we give her a brief? This is the video. We want this to be the first thing that people see when they land on your page.Adnan Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: And the impact that we want to create is for them to get to know a little bit about you, right?Adnan Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And why they should give you their ad account, right?Adnan Khan: Yeah.  
00:29:27
 Hassaan Ahmad: And so what needs to come through that video is credibility. and warmth.Adnan Khan: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Why don't you go ahead record something for us, right? And then we can give you some I think that's going to do better than a scripted video.Adeel Khan: Yeah and I agree because even the thought leadership social media it is very fundamentally not you're posting posting is never going to get you grow is going to be when you build connections and when you like got aHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: personal brand. So that's like very under utilized element of it for some reason.Adnan Khan: So, so okay, hang on. This is this is good. I like this track. Agreed. Makes sense. Then I want to make sure that that's also connected to the top of funnel. What I mean by that is photography. Whenever she posts a TL post, I think she should post a picture of herself and then Mhm.Adeel Khan: I wonder like even do pictures with her laptop or something showing results.  
00:30:39
 Adnan Khan: I think very tactically we have to say that to her. And then I think what we can also do is say um by the way just like I want to zoom out for one quick minute. Um this is not in my head about solving for Nicole. I think this is just me learning with you guys eventually. The way I see this is this is a road map for future client. So it's not that we're giving Nicole that much attention. It's more that we're trying to figure out learn new techniques etc. So hence I'm over overindexing. Okay, zooming back in. I think the other thing we can do if if Nicole has a G drive of all these images, let's get her to send those images to us.Hassaan Ahmad: That'sAdnan Khan: impressive. I think we can meanwhile get that dude to redo some of the creatives with with some some action. And so partly it's I'm not trying to sexualize her, but it's more like the ad that people see on the feed and the video that they see on the landing page, they connect and then we we can probably like then start to and then build that journey from there, so to speak.  
00:32:04
 Adnan Khan: Like frankly, at this point, I don't even mind doing redoing her landing page. Uh if yeah, bro, blur offer.Adeel Khan: How many you No name.Hassaan Ahmad: today.Adnan Khan: Huh? There you go. Even that so even even that format I actually gave Rahan yesterday. I'm like, bro, bro, this is so much better than ours.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, there go Nicole.Adeel Khan: You'reHassaan Ahmad: Uh, this was Nicole's previous website. Check this out. Check this out, bro. Like, and we have so many f****** testimonials here, bro. You need to spend some time on this. We need to redo it.Adnan Khan: I am, by the way, I'm very very keen to rebuild her site. I think she's our highest paying giant effort. Bro, I'm so sorry you guys are having to speak to Sakshi.Hassaan Ahmad: f****** yeah.Adnan Khan: Send this to me.Hassaan Ahmad: Anyways, get this obviously.Adeel Khan: by the way. We're not going to give her our LinkedIn article. They're going to make their own one because I was like, "Yeah, no. WeAdnan Khan: Not transfer it, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: It's very complicated and yeah, I I don't Okay, I I'll help you make your LinkedIn ad account and I'll get you metal.Adnan Khan: Yeah, it's okay, man.Hassaan Ahmad: So see that one we So one of the things Yeah.Adnan Khan: sadness.Hassaan Ahmad: bus bro. Embedding embedding ourselves as their team.Adnan Khan: Yeah. So, are we good with sexualizing the ad creatives?Hassaan Ahmad: Go have to say datadriven. We have seen that the  
Transcription ended after 00:34:28

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
