---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Copy of Samuel/Hassaan - Revenue infrastructure for Heveloon – 2025/06/12 16:28 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:39:48.756Z
meeting_date: 2025-07-03T14:36:13.199Z
---


Samuel/Hassaan - Revenue infrastructure for Heveloon - Transcript
00:00:00
 Samuel Ventimiglia: Hey. Hi. How are you? How are you doing?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well. How are you?Samuel Ventimiglia: Uh, not too bad, thanks. Not too bad at all.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. Well, thank you for making the time.Samuel Ventimiglia: Next time I do apologize for yesterday.Hassaan Ahmad: No, no problem at all. It happens. Good. Well, um, are you are you still good for 30 minutes, Samuel?Samuel Ventimiglia: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: Perfect. Amazing. Well, thank you so much for taking the interest in my outreach. So, um, just as a quick introduction, Samuel, my name is Assan, right? I am currently working for, well, I'm currently doing two things, right? I'm an AE for a company called Anna Plan, which you might have come across, right? I've spent about 15 years doing sales um across multiple companies. So, I started off with Standard and Pores. I did about six and a half years there.  
00:00:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Then I did three and a half at uh Moody's and then I moved to Anablan. And right now what I do is I sell software solutions and services and advisory. That's what I've been doing for 15 years. And what I'm doing on the side, which is why I reached out to you, was I'm setting up a consult uh consultancy slash you can say execution agency for helping businesses, you know, small businesses like yours um new to market SAS and so forth to scale their markets quicker. TheSamuel Ventimiglia: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: reason why I started doing that was twofolds. The first one is one you know through my various opportunities in sales I've learned a lot right I have learned what it takes to take exciting propositions or unknown propositions into markets that have where they don't exist where the brand awareness isn't there what it takes to launch them and two because you know I'm an immigrant into the UK so I come from a third world country and I've got some really good connections back home which allow me to take benefit of the arbitrage, right?  
00:02:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: So an AE or sales opp sales talent that might cost £140,000 here costs £30,000 over there, right? So there's that massive arbitrage which I'm able to bridge and so that enabled me to kind of u set up the the service that I would love to discuss with you today. So that's really quickly just me, but I would love to learn a bit more about you and uh how you came up with Heather. By the way, do ISamuel Ventimiglia: SoHassaan Ahmad: pronounce the name correctly?Samuel Ventimiglia: correct correctly.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Samuel Ventimiglia: So basically I was a solution architect in the 20 before 2018 and then because I had a very um good uh pool of contact I started eventually I started the company in 2018 here in in London where I I am based and um yeah since then we still working pretty much with the same customers we acquired few more uh in private healthcare and insurance mainly but not only and uh yeah we are always looking for new customers uh medium size between 50 and 200 employees.  
00:03:22
 Samuel Ventimiglia: Erh normally our target uh uh in terms of uh value project value is about um 200 to uh half of a million makes sense. And um and yeah, so basically what we are looking for this year is to close another two three projects around um 200k each.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. So, you're targeting around 600K in incremental revenue and thatSamuel Ventimiglia: Yes,Hassaan Ahmad: you want these to be net new, right? You don't want them to be your existing customers, correct?Samuel Ventimiglia: exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: Wonderful. Well, um, so you mentioned that you are, by the way, thank you so much for that. you know, I had a bunch of questions, so you've answered them um straight off the bat. Bunch of questions to follow up on that. You mentioned that you are um your project value is typically around 2 to 500K, right? Are those what kind of projects are those? And how do you go to market? Is that TNM or is it fixed price?Samuel Ventimiglia: Now, usually is always bespoke.  
00:04:32
 Samuel Ventimiglia: So usually we enter into the company because uh of uh referrals or things like that and because of course we deliver usually we deliver uh software the software on time and without major issues there there are always issues you know it's the realHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Samuel Ventimiglia: life but but how we manage critical projects to deliver is um is our superpower. So, uh yeah, it's mainly by referrals and um and uh um yeah, pretty much it. This is pretty muchHassaan Ahmad: makes perfect sense. I noticed on your LinkedIn that there's a well actually on your website I think that there's a commercial director who's a part of the team as well. So is that individual responsible for account management or client management or is that more new business hunting?Samuel Ventimiglia: new business. But uh yeah, new business. We sometimes collaborate together. Not always because he's a contra contractor, but yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. So, who's who's doing new business right now in yourSamuel Ventimiglia: Me.  
00:05:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: organization? Just you.Samuel Ventimiglia: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Wow. And how uh how many hours a week do you dedicate to that?Samuel Ventimiglia: Uh depends. depends on how many businesses you want to to close.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. And and what's your approach Samuel? Like how do you go finding new clients?Samuel Ventimiglia: Uh invitations to networking events, dinner, lunch, um friends, uh golf, tennis,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Samuel Ventimiglia: cars. Sometimes I don't care about the cars, but sometimes carsHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, we find we find that a lot. Um and typically those work, right? But they require a lot of lift from you because you have to be very involved. You have to be very engaged. And what I when I've done that in the past, I've noticed that you really have to set the expectation in the beginning that hey,Samuel Ventimiglia: OfHassaan Ahmad: you know, there is going to be some business conversation when we are playing golf because otherwise people are like you knowSamuel Ventimiglia: course.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:06:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Well, that's exactly the problem that I want to solve with remote here which is my company right. So throughout my career I've I've worked with many founders who are brilliant right who are really really good either delivery people or technically very sound founders who have built a brilliant product right but sales is something that either requires a lot of their time which they don't have right or they just don't have the knack for it rightSamuel Ventimiglia: The problemHassaan Ahmad: umSamuel Ventimiglia: is sorry to interrupt you but just a very quick thing. The problem is that um the companies is attached to to me. So if I don't do anything the company will die.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah, I noticed you were uh you were putting well you have started to put quite a bit of content out there on LinkedIn. Nice.Samuel Ventimiglia: Because otherwise sometime I mean the reality you know better than me the reality is not uh shiny and gold it's uh sometimes you are very you are doing very very good sometimes you are nearly close to die.  
00:07:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, you need something that's consistent that's working without you basically, right? That you can trust to to deliver the outcomes for you. Um, quick quick question on the numbers that you shared. You mentioned that you you want to do two three product projects this year. Um, is that due to the bandwidth of the team or the capacity of the team or what's determining that number for you?Samuel Ventimiglia: just goals, revenues goals.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Samuel Ventimiglia: we set up during our um quarterly meeting um the revenues goal the goal in terms of revenue. Sorry. So IHassaan Ahmad: IsSamuel Ventimiglia: IHassaan Ahmad: that aSamuel Ventimiglia: reallyHassaan Ahmad: 100%Samuel Ventimiglia: want toHassaan Ahmad: increase, by the way? IsSamuel Ventimiglia: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: thatSamuel Ventimiglia: sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: a is that a 100% increase? Because well, forgive me for doing my due diligence. I looked at your uh annual results as well. Look, you did what 640K last year. So, are you targeting a 100% increase in revenue this year?  
00:08:56
 Samuel Ventimiglia: So yeah. Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Gotcha. Well, that's ambitious.Samuel Ventimiglia: Yeah. Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Amazing. Um, and obviously when I reached out to you, you responded with some interest. So what what is it that you would what is the ideal situation look like for you Samuel?Samuel Ventimiglia: Yeah. So basically what we have tried uh during the last couple of years um is that we tried quite uh many times to hire a sales person whoHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Samuel Ventimiglia: uh didn't deliver anything basically. So um what we what uh what would look like a wonderful situ situation for us is working initially working with saxope very very high. We are we are willing to share a lot for the just the first project and when we will see the results then we we will be able to switch immediately to a fixed price plus fee success feeHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Samuel Ventimiglia: withHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Samuel Ventimiglia: a fixed price that we will able to stay you can you can leave quietly quite quite easily.  
00:10:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Makes sense. Um, thank you for sharing that. Why do you think the salesperson wasn't able to deliver?Samuel Ventimiglia: First of all because lack of our knowledge. So probably we we haven't uh explained the correct path toHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Samuel Ventimiglia: them.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Samuel Ventimiglia: So a little bit of uh inexperience plus our lack of knowledge on sales on creating sales pipeline that probably is the reality is the real problem.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Samuel Ventimiglia: Now we have more experience probably we will do same the same errors but a little bit more of experience. So also I have my father was a a salesperson for his entire life. So, I know what to, let's say, I know theoretically what to do.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Samuel Ventimiglia: Uh, I'm still learning how to do it.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, good. What What line of work was your father in? What was he selling?Samuel Ventimiglia: So but he had multiple companies uh was started uh he he started selling doortodoor things and also trips and then other things and eventually he ended up uh creating his own company and uh in reality he uh he had created three four companies.  
00:11:54
 Samuel Ventimiglia: Yes. Four companies and um and sold them.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Sounds good. Cool. Samuel, this is this is really good information. Thank you for sharing and thank you for uh for for being candid and honest on, you know, why the salesperson didn't succeed. Because when I was doing my research, there were a few things that I noticed, right, which I would love to share with you, right? Uh, think of that as feedback, think of that as advice, think of that as whatever, right? But that's just something I wanted to share with you. This is my outside in view of what is potentially stopping you from winning new business, right? Apart from your own bandwidth. So, please allow me to share that with you. Um,Samuel Ventimiglia: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: do you see my screen?Samuel Ventimiglia: Uh, yes. NowHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, I've got a whole deck. I can send that across to you. But basically, so when I look at your website and I look at your LinkedIn, right?  
00:12:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: carried out a quick SWAT analysis and on the top are things well strengths is the things that I like right that your website has today and your business appears to have today right weaknesses is the biggest things that they shouted out at me and opportunities and threats are where we should focus on and what we can improve to immediately start delivering some results right now going from top left Then what works right now is your website is good, right? It's optimized. It works. The links work. Nothing is broken. It delivers a credible credible feeling, right? You have a decent LinkedIn following. Like you have 1,200 people, which is pretty decent. And what I was really happy to see was the award and analyst recognition that you have, right? It tells me as somebody who's just looking at your website that you know you you guys are real. You guys have a good track record of delivering and you have you are recognized for the good work that you do.  
00:14:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: What I also loved from your LinkedIn was the new content that you're putting out, right? Especially the two use cases that you mentioned. the first one which was around the bid um the the new bid winning um mechanism or the new bid winning use case and the second one was the insurance piece of work that you had cited. Reason why I like them is because I've come across both of them in my most recent role, right? Um the new bid piece was with a company called Compass Group, which is the world's largest hospitality company, and their CFO shared directly with me that they win 50% of business, they lose 50% of business, and there's 30% of bids that they don't even bid on because they don't have the capacity, they don't have the solution to bid on that business, right? which is why that resonated very very well with me. The second thing is customer support. And the reason why I love that is because you have cited real hard metrics, right? I think you went from something like a number of days to a few  
00:15:09
 Samuel Ventimiglia: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: seconds or a few minutes if I remember correctly. I readSamuel Ventimiglia: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: it yesterday. And you talk about saving 2.7 million in costs. Amazing numbers. Those are the business cases that we need, right? The problem though is that you're not saying any of that on your website. So when somebody comes to your website and they look at heavil.com they see none of that. they see a website which is very very generic right which is where if you replace the name heavil with Hassan's AI consultancy literally nothing will change right so it doesn't tell the story that I like to call the why he balloon question right it doesn'tSamuel Ventimiglia: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: ask one of the biggest things that I think you can do um for your business to to im to have immediate impact and to support the salesperson who does the selling for you, including yourself, is use that social proof and use those hard metrics as case studies, as problems that you're solving on the website.  
00:16:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. AndSamuel Ventimiglia: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: everything that you do, think about answering the question why you, right? Because as you know, the market is saturated. Everybody is an AI consultant. Everybody's doing AI projects or they say that they can't deliver. Your job is to cut through that noise with actual metrics, with hard recognition, and with knowledge that I know you have, but people don't, right? And you need to put put it out there.Samuel Ventimiglia: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: And that is the biggest opportunity that I've called out here. Right? So, you need to leverage social proof and answer why I right. And then you need to upsell and crossell into your existing clients. I don't know if you have already maxed them out, but 200 to 500% company, I think. Sorry. 20 to 500. Is that the number that you gave me? Um there might be other projects that you might be able to do. Your key strength is you are quite bespoke and you have a large capability set.  
00:17:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: So you could tackle a lot of different use cases and then you could think about productizing them as well. So these two use cases you could productize them and take them to 20 different companies with minimal lift. Do you agree with that?Samuel Ventimiglia: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So think about that, right? Think about an accelerator model which is one ready for demo. You can demo it again and again and two something that you can lift and you can put in quite easy, right? It may have the impact of having lower um AOB or the order value, average order value, but you might have the quantity. But at the same time, if we come across a company that is big enough, for example, Compass, which is a 2.4, no, sorry, 3.5 million pound company, this is a big enough problem for them, right? So, you could ask for a lot more money by delivering value up front. Yeah. And then the threats that I came across were um you have a lot of AI competition.  
00:18:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Well, I could tell that you were overstretched doing your LinkedIn, trying to do client management, going to all the events and so forth. And then the one thing I also want to call out is the engagement from the community. Even though you're putting that content out there, there isn't much reactions or much engagement with that, which lowers the um which lowers the impressions that you're getting, right? So, which kind of lowers or limits the reach that you have as a founder. So that was my analysis of your GTM motion. Got to pause for thoughts here. Would you do you agree with some most of it? Anything that you don'tSamuel Ventimiglia: No, no, no. Yeah, absolutely. I I do agree with most of the things that you said and um that is when at the moment uh that is where at the moment we are working on.Hassaan Ahmad: wonder. SoSamuel Ventimiglia: OhHassaan Ahmad: what what part of that are you so I know that you're you're increasing your reach but is there something that you made a priority in this to target?  
00:19:28
 Samuel Ventimiglia: um not the to be honest not the website butHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Samuel Ventimiglia: is to hiring another uh business developer because I I truly believe that uh um business is uh creating by people and not by social uh social media. I truly believe that uh it's not this is not mean this is not meaning that I don't I don't care too much about social media but um you need to hire very interacted people uh and very and very good people uh at the right uh right places if you want to do businessHassaan Ahmad: absolutely.Samuel Ventimiglia: becauseHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Samuel Ventimiglia: you know at the end of the day business is a is um is doing by friends who knows other friends that knows other friends and so on.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. I came across this saying it said um business is not B2B, it's P2P, right? So it's person to person.Samuel Ventimiglia: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Which is absolutely right. So um I knowSamuel Ventimiglia: ButHassaan Ahmad: we'reSamuel Ventimiglia: but but let let  
00:20:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Samuel Ventimiglia: me finish one thing very quickly because at five I have to go after I have to say that yeah at some point when you are big uh big enough uh yeah there are some stream of revenues that you can uh automate.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Absolutely. I've got two more slides to show you, right? Um, which was my idea of what I can do for your business, right? AndSamuel Ventimiglia: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: if that makes sense, we can talk about what the cost is going to be and who we've done for before. But happy to do another session go into more in detail. Right? One thing that I didn't mention before is the team that we've got. Right? So I look after the sales side of things given my sales experience. I've got my partner who is a staff engineer at Meta which means that he's got 15 years of design experience and he looks after the things from a design perspective both product and website and socials and so forth to build that brand to build that design um that excites people and that that brings  
00:21:50
 Samuel Ventimiglia: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: people. Yeah.Samuel Ventimiglia: I IHassaan Ahmad: SoSamuel Ventimiglia: it's not my focus. So I will say that if you if you want to work together, just focus onHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Samuel Ventimiglia: the sales the sales part then more than happy to to work together in a in another phase. But first first one phase one is about for sure 100 100% um working on business business development with people.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah. Um, but Samuel, I would argue here that your website is your shopfront, right? Because whenSamuel Ventimiglia: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: you reach out to people, the first thing that they're going to do, like I did, was Google Healoon, right? And they need to know h what opinion to form before they even have that conversation with you. Like I did all of this, I built all of these slides without having a conversation with you, right? The reason why I was able to do that was based on the information that you have. The more the better quality information you put out there, the more trust you're inspired.  
00:22:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Samuel Ventimiglia: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: But we'll come to that. So the way I if I was doing it, right, or if you trust us to do it, this is the way we would do it, right? The first point of action is going to be understandingSamuel Ventimiglia: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: what makes Hebon special, right? When you get a referral, why are people referring you, right? What are they saying to those customers that eventually sign up with you that ends up them giving them giving you some hard money, 200k to deliver a project, right? Capturing that in the customer's voice and using that to refine what your messaging needs to be, refine who your ICP are. ICP is your ideal customer profile and what are your differentiators right the second thing that we would do is we would capture the outcomes right we would understand what outcomes you've driven so for example in your insurance example that you put 2.7 million how did that come by in how long how many people were involved you know those hard metrics are what you need to call out straight away in order to  
00:24:09
 Samuel Ventimiglia: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: get people excited, right? I would strongly argue that we redesigned your landing page to focus on the problem and answer the question, why heaven, right? Because the person could be looking at 10 different websites. They need to be stopping at yours. Yeah.Samuel Ventimiglia: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we will do that. Once we have that information, phase two is launching that into a B2B motion. Right? So, use that social proof, use those testimonials to target lookalike customers, right? And by lookike customers, I'm not talking about the revenue or the employee size. I'm talking about people with the same problems or symptoms of the same problems that you've solved before, right? So that when we go into those meetings or when we call up I don't know the CIO or the CFO whoever your target persona is we can talk in terms that they understand use those conversations to calibrate the sales process cross that into existing customers expand you into existing customers and one stop the churn and two increase the revenue and then three phase three then is going to be launching a wider B2B motion All right.  
00:25:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: In today's world, I strongly believe that you need to be putting some sort of solid campaign out there. And it doesn't need to be paid ads. It can be LinkedIn RIP campaigns. It can be consistent LinkedIn um posting, something like that. Anything can be a campaign, right? To bring in that re that interest. And we use that to then target up market clientele, target more people and build that consistent pipeline which looks beyond the first year, right? Which gives you visibility of two to three years. Um so that you know who is going to be coming to market when for what reason and so you are there when they need you to be. Does that approach make logical sense to you?Samuel Ventimiglia: Uh not at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Samuel Ventimiglia: Yes, but not at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: Why is that?Samuel Ventimiglia: As I said, uh I'm working with people introduced uh to those places where the projects are.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um,Samuel Ventimiglia: SoHassaan Ahmad: so, so referrals is still where you're going and you're looking for people to just close the business.  
00:26:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: Is that what you're saying?Samuel Ventimiglia: yes,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. So, you're just looking for a closer at this point then.Samuel Ventimiglia: yeah. Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, well, I'm sorry. I didn't understand that before. So, that's clear, right? Um, our offer then probably isn't aligned with what you're after, Samuel, right? I can put in a closer, but it won't be just on a commission basis, right? Um, I I believe in enabling my my closers to deliver the highest form of success, right? And I think this is this is the blueprint that enables them there. So if you don't agree with it, if you don't think that that is the place where your business is right now, so um I don't think the closer is going to be successful. At least I won't have the confidence. So yeah,Samuel Ventimiglia: That's fine. That's fine.Hassaan Ahmad: that's all right. But Samuel, I I appreciate that. You know, we're we've got one more minute. So I really want to thank you for your time. Really want to thank you for sharing your story. Right now you know what we do. Right. I'll point you to our website.  
Transcription ended after 00:27:53

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
