---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and adam – 2025/07/14 13:30 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:39:17.463Z
meeting_date: 2025-07-14T13:23:54.386Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and adam - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Terrorists.Adam Porroni: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Hi, Adam. How's it going?Adam Porroni: Hi. I All right. I I apologize. I had to literally restart all of my uh router and everything else that I'm operating off of. So, my my apologies.Hassaan Ahmad: No problem. Um, it's a weird coincidence, but my internet stopped working as well, which is why I've just uh come on from my phone.Adam Porroni: Ah, fair enough. Fair enough. All right.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't know what's happening. But how are you? How's your weekend?Adam Porroni: Uh well, so I I got back from a business trip and I'm and I had some sort of head cold, so I am trying to get through that. Um I I'm not particularly sick. It's just a uh I don't know, just kind of a disruption in the day. Yeah. No, I appreciate that. Thank you. How about yourself? What did you uh what did you enjoy over the weekend?  
00:05:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, wellAdam Porroni: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: hopefullyAdam Porroni: I'mHassaan Ahmad: youAdam Porroni: sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: get better.Adam Porroni: I'm so sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh my son being sick. Yeah. Well, it is what it is, right? The little kid. So, he's uh just about to turnAdam Porroni: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: twoAdam Porroni: Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: and uh decided to pick up a stomach from whatever he was doing. So, Adam. that was uh that Hello. was my Can you hear me?Adam Porroni: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, IAdam Porroni: sure.Hassaan Ahmad: can hear you now.Adam Porroni: Yes, I I'm I'm I'm here. Yep. Yep. I can hear you.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Adam Porroni: Great. I'm sorry about the stomach bug. That's uh that's always never it's never a fun thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I mean it is what it is, right? It's little kids. They're going to have one thing or the other.Adam Porroni: That's definitely going to happen.  
00:06:16
 Adam Porroni: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Well, Adam, um I know we set up 30 minutes for this and we're 10 minutes into the call. Are you good to go over or do you have a hard stop?Adam Porroni: now I have extra time. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, perfect. So um let me kick off with a quick introduction and by the way thank you for for booking the booking the call. Really excited to have this conversation with you. SoAdam Porroni: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm Hassan. I look after sales at remote here. Uh been in sales about 15 plus years. Sold anything and everything under the sun from pharmaceuticals to baby toys to SAS and analytics and advisory. Um, I've worked on both sides of the Atlantic, so the US as well as Europe, every everything between the UK and Russia.Adam Porroni: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: And with Remote here, I help companies um by building their end to- end revenue infrastructures. Now, that could mean different things for different people and you know, if you want, I can take you more through that, but I would love some context on you.  
00:07:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: What is it that you're trying to do at polarity and where where you feel you're blocked and we could helpAdam Porroni: Um it depends on this. I mean there are different elements that we could either improve on or uh add to or just uh literally do in the first place. Um so when it comes to uh anything regarding um uh sales go to market anything of that sort um there's there are just certain things that we've we've either worked with uh partners in the past and it just hasn't worked or we've had um situations where um we have found something that works but we still see that there's you know other ways that we could engage in the market. So, you know, as for instance, like SEO, we've tried this with a few different companies and it hasn't gotten us anywhere. Our domain authority is terrible. We haven't really seen anything, which is also to a degree it's fine because we're we are discreet. Uh we try to offer that as as both because it's good security practice as well as um we want to respect the privacy and uh non-disclosure agreements or other things that we have with our clients.  
00:08:43
 Adam Porroni: Um but nonetheless there is still a challenge to you know get um get a good balance of what we really need in our uh selling in in just like how we attract clients or how we close them.Hassaan Ahmad: fair enough. Um, first off the bat, I don't do much on the SEO side of things, right?Adam Porroni: Oh no that'sHassaan Ahmad: IAdam Porroni: fine. I was just bringingHassaan Ahmad: yeahAdam Porroni: that up as an example.Hassaan Ahmad: perfect. So just just to guideAdam Porroni: OfHassaan Ahmad: the conversation whereAdam Porroni: course.Hassaan Ahmad: I help clients is the entire sales funnel, right? So starting from the very beginning where you have your website, your messaging and your offer. So we audit it, we make sure that it's aligned to your personas that you want to target as well as the executive buyers who are writing the checks. So make sure that the story flows and the message flows and it's easy for people to understand.Adam Porroni: Great.Hassaan Ahmad: Then we take that into um the sales process, right?  
00:09:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: So how do you take that offer and you've got somebody who's interested in that offer? How do you take them through the sales process? Right? So what are the steps that need to be taken? Right? What are the what are the hoops that they have to jump through internally in order to get signature on contract? Right? What challenges they're trying to solve? So we try to map it out and try to understand well but try to standardize it so that it's easy for somebody to go through and and repeat. And then thirdly what we do is the execution side of things, right? Um put a seller in who can take that messaging, take that offer, take that playbook and then have the leads go through them um and try to convert them on the other side. Now all three of them don't have to happen together, right? Each client is different. Each person's different. Each situation's different, right? So, it depends on where you are and where you feel.  
00:10:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, you said that you you tried something with different partners, it didn't work. What did you try? What's your take on why it didn't work? And what do you think you need to do differently?Adam Porroni: Oh, this is okay. This is going to be a longer conversation then. Um, so let's see. We I I mean, if I include uh sales vendors that we have worked with as well, um, outside of just like marketing agencies or or ones that are marketing for focused or forward, um, we've probably worked with uh 15 or so different companies.Hassaan Ahmad: Wow.Adam Porroni: um where at least 10 of them have failed us pretty badly. Um now there have been certain times when it's lack of executionHassaan Ahmad: Hello.Adam Porroni: is the problem. There have been other times when it's um let's say lack of focus, lack of reporting. Um, and uh, and then there are other times when uh, there's been um, I don't know. I don't know how to put it necessarily.  
00:11:43
 Adam Porroni: It's a bit um, I I also apologize for any background noise because I am traveling. So, I don't know if um, train noise or other things will get in the way. Um, but uh, let's see. there's I think that there's a certain degree to which narrative is is not you know necessarily dialed in. Um, so you know, I do think that there are times when we might be trying to pitch a group and not necessarily tying directly or tying as cleanly to the um, how do I put this? TheHassaan Ahmad: The pain.Adam Porroni: uh, yeah. Well, yeah, I guess well the pain and how they communicate it. um you know so like there there's a certain way that a client might you know speak about their problem um or associate their problem and you know maybe maybe we're dismissing that or haven't found the right balance of that. Um there's also the potential for us to um be segmenting in the in the wrong way or like trying to reach the wrong role although I don't really have too much information that would actually say that that's a real problem.  
00:12:54
 Adam Porroni: Um it was with a with an outbound um service agency um because they um they just were reaching absolutely the wrong people. So like that'sHassaan Ahmad: ComeAdam Porroni: that's I mean you can't do that too often and get away with it. Um you know um then then I'd say that there's also a degree of um how do I phrase this? Uh I think I think there's a certain degree to which we could be leveraging better information and catching people at the right time in the buying cycle. Um weHassaan Ahmad: on.Adam Porroni: haven't really done too much good nurture. There have been some times that we've tried it. We're certainly trying with some content uh marketing uh that people can then follow and then connect with and so on so forth. That's predominantly over LinkedIn. Um, but you know, we've just found that, you know, I mean, perhaps unfortunately, but like, uh, you know, maybe it's a mix of how technical this type of work is and how distant people are, you know, on average from this particular skill set and this particular need.  
00:14:04
 Adam Porroni: Um, but what I've what I've noticed is that uh, you know, doing networking events, conferences, something that's more face to face, we can establish that trust and that that understanding. uh we can navigate you know with all the kind of micro expressions that people might have um you know showing confusion or likely to be asking another question or anything like that we can really like much we can iterate much faster. I also think that it's not the greatest that there's a lot of MSSPs or MSPs that are trying to claim that they offer some sort of cyber service, but when all is said and done, they're really just offering some sort of product. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: What?Adam Porroni: where, you know, it's it's kind of like if you're looking for a plumber and they're trying to sell like a a wrench or a belt wrench or something like that that, you know, tightens various types of valves or piping fittings. um you know that doesn't just because you own a wrench doesn't mean you're a plumberHassaan Ahmad: Yes.  
00:15:02
 Adam Porroni: um or it doesn't mean that you can actually fix anything. So like I think that there are just certain things that continue to be um kind of in our way, but I think a decent amount of that has to do with the um uh narratives uh or like the narrative arc, you know, the the way that we're communicating it. That's my gut feeling. I could be totally wrong because I'm not, you know, if I if I knew what my problem was exactly, then, you know, I I I would have already fixed it umHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adam Porroni: in some fashion. ButHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adam Porroni: I am out because I know that there's, you know, a limitation on knowledge.Hassaan Ahmad: Honestly, I thank you. But I have these conversations day in and day out and you have more knowledge and more insight than many other founders, many other CEOs that I speak with simply because at you know in the beginning of the of a company's journey it's just there's not enough data right there's not enough conversations and sometimes the co skill set doesn't match.  
00:16:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: So it's hard to surface these insights from the from the conversations you have. So, you've you've touched on a few things here and I've got so many questions, but I want to dissect into some of the symptoms before and see if you can get to if it's a narrative problem or or something else. Um, if you want toAdam Porroni: Absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: do that.Adam Porroni: AskHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adam Porroni: ask whatever you want in whatever way you want. No worries.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. So, tell me, um, what's the average volume that you go through? Average volume of deals or average volume of clients that you have?Adam Porroni: Uh so like uh yearly orHassaan Ahmad: Let'sAdam Porroni: inHassaan Ahmad: make it quarterlyAdam Porroni: inHassaan Ahmad: or yearly.Adam Porroni: Okay. Um because we we've we probably have about uh 25 clients now like that we're servicing directly. Um but our sales cycle uh I mean particularly for the more advanced work um our sales cycle is a bit slow.  
00:17:04
 Adam Porroni: Um, nowHassaan Ahmad: HowAdam Porroni: ourHassaan Ahmad: slow are we talking?Adam Porroni: well our so our fastest sale was about two two and a half weeks. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adam Porroni: our slowest sale probably in the four month range. Um, and and granted those are also for different uh they were they were for different services. Um and and that's the reason why I was mentioning about buying cycle because you know the the group that was 2 and a half weeks you know was certainly like right in the right point in their buying cycle. They asked all you know very very reasonable questions. We were able to cut through that blah blah blah. So um so anyway for you know we we probably bring in we probably bring in about two to three clients per month. Um or I'm sorry per uh probably every No, that's it's probably about right a month to two months. It it'll vary given on it's a little bit of seasonality. Not necessarily like true seasonality, but there is a there are times of the year that become easier to sell in. Um probably around the the budgetary, you know, like uh budgeting cycles in in whichever industry.  
00:18:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adam Porroni: UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adam Porroni: but yeah, you could probably imagine that. So, I guess quarterly, if we had to just pull that out a little bit more, uh, let's just say being conservative, four to six.Hassaan Ahmad: That's a really decent volume. What's the ACV?Adam Porroni: Um so so for the initial contract if we're looking at ACB for initial versus like what would happen over the next 12 to 18 months uh versus lifetime as well um initial initial is probably going to be uh 15k on average somewhere inHassaan Ahmad: Okay. And then the most important question of all, um, you mentioned that you get a lot through networking and stuff, but what's your average kind of meeting to opportunity ratio? Like how many meetings do you tend to have in order for you to put something in the pipeline as a qualified opportunity?Adam Porroni: Oh, okay. So, I need to ask a clarifying question here. Are you talking about number of meetings before we really get to qualification or uh how many meetings do we produce out of our top of funnel like initial appointments?  
00:19:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: Well, I'm asking for I think it's more the latter, right? So, howAdam Porroni: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: many links do you produce through your top funnel versus how many of those then eventually proceed to a qualified opportunity?Adam Porroni: uh per month somewhere in the it's I mean it will fluctuate 10 to 15 or soHassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. And that's 10 to 15 meetings out of which you close what two to three clients a month.Adam Porroni: uh yeah like I said I mean if you want to operate on the four to six a quarter But yeah, we could we could pull that back to, you know, like I because I'd hate to say one and a half, you know what I mean? So, but yeah, I mean it's it's it's close in that range. And I understand that since we're talking low numbers, it's does not necessarily Yeah, because we're not a high volume business, but like it's it's reasonable volume for services or high ticket service.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adam Porroni: But,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adam Porroni: um,  
00:20:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: IAdam Porroni: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: wasAdam Porroni: IHassaan Ahmad: goingAdam Porroni: justHassaan Ahmad: toAdam Porroni: IHassaan Ahmad: comment.Adam Porroni: just don't want to lead you astray on on doing some of the math there. That'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adam Porroni: all. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I mean, honestly, it doesn't sound like you know, you've got a narrative problem because your conversion is pretty good, right? So, if you're doing 15 meetings and you're landing three clients, that's a three 3x, sorry, 3:1, well, one 3:1 conversion ratio, right? Which is in line with industry standards, you're pulling in decent volume. Um, and for initial 915K, that's not I mean, it's not too bad. Yeah. I mean, if it took you 4 months to get it, then maybe something's broken there. So, it doesn't sound it doesn't sound bad. So, when you look at this process, where do you feel you need you want to improve something, right? And actually before that,Adam Porroni: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I question where you trying to get to, what's the goal?  
00:21:32
 Adam Porroni: Yeah. No, totally fair. Um, so so we've there are a couple things that we've noticed as of late. Uh, we've we've had the business for eight years. Obviously much of the past eight years has been either uh pandemic, inflation spikes,Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Adam Porroni: market volatility of various sorts and you know uh at least United States self you know when it when it comes to how to manage our economy and what we're doing here. Uh but in any event, um my bottom line about that is there's been a decent amount of volatility for for various reasons, decent amount of macroeconomic pressures and um and so what we've seen is like we've had to constantly make various types of iterations. So certain things may work for a period of time and I don't know how long those will last. So, what we what I'm I'm concerned about now is that I'm getting a little bit more signal that speaks to we're going to have a uh a shift and that could be a negative shift in uh how often we're bringing in meetings.  
00:22:51
 Adam Porroni: And you know, like I said, we're not necessarily doing a tremendous, you know, this isn't like a traditional high volume business by any means. So because of that I get concerned about um I get concerned about the the chance that even a small change will end up uh making larger and larger effects on how quickly and easily we will be bringing in business. So, I want to get ahead of an issue more than anything. And I also want to be able to diversify our options as well, which has led me to, you know, I I've looked up different companies that offer, you know, AI agents or something like that. And I've looked up uh, you know, ones that can help us with um, you know, maybe we have to change up some of our content strategy. Like, lord knows what. There's there's so many different things, different levers that could be pulled. So, I'm trying to be as proactive as possible to address um what may not come to pass. Don't get me wrong. I mean, it it it may be fine in the next, you know, four to 6 months um where some of the signal just ended up not not playing out that way, but I don't want to take the risk.  
00:24:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: Fair enough. What's the signal? Why do you feel that medium volume is going to decline?Adam Porroni: Um well so we're I mean we are so we're also exploring to be fair about this like we're exploring two new industries uh and trying to get the right messaging going there. So there's a certain amount of like our overall effort isn't being as efficient as it could be. Uh which of course I can just pull back from and say okay let's let's just not do that. But there's reasonable opportunity in being able like we've already seen some you know reasonable opportunities coming in so we don't necessarily want to like turn off that that spigot. Um now outside of that though we've also seen that um there's been a fairly significant shift in outbound. So we we have to do more touch points uh in order to draw in for that initial meeting andHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Adam Porroni: you know and that's and that's regardless that's that's not with the new industries that's across all of our activity. Um and uh and so I also think like there there might that might signal that's one element where I'm thinking that might signal a um either hesitancy in the market overall or um a degree to which we uh need to change up how we approach doing outbound.  
00:25:30
 Adam Porroni: And if somebody else already has like a refined honed uh approach, I want to lean on that. you know, I mean, there's a certain there's just there are just certain things here where I'm like, okay, uh, when people are taking their first, you know, they're actually in their first meeting. Um, there's also a decent amount of extra questions, which we haven't often had to deal with, um, that are more foundational. So, then I'm thinking, okay, well, maybe any of our messaging isn't maybe it's landing emotionally and it's not actually landing on specifics. Um and and that could disrupt things because you know any amount of uncertainty or or lack of clarity could you know affect a sale. Um then there's also just a degree of I you know I I if if people are becoming a bit hesitant and they need more touch points or they need more co you know um uh coaxing to get you know into a meeting or or into a conversation and then do followup with them. Um then I'm just thinking okay well there's a lot of reasons for that and because I can't really put my finger on that it's again the that's you know sums sum all of those things become a I have a reason to feel a bit of anxiety  
00:26:48
 Hassaan Ahmad: Fair enough.Adam Porroni: business-wise and I wantHassaan Ahmad: That'sAdam Porroni: toHassaan Ahmad: that'sAdam Porroni: get wellHassaan Ahmad: veryAdam Porroni: aheadHassaan Ahmad: smartAdam Porroni: ofHassaan Ahmad: and it's it's a very astute observation because we what we're seeing as well is customers are doing a lot more research up front in the sense that before they agree on taking a meeting with anybody right they they like to do a lot of research probably chat GBD and everybody thinks that you know they've got the best research on their fingertips which in a lot of cases that they do right or it's just macro situations, but the the time that people are allocating to meetings is reducing and they're needing a lot more handholding, a lot more nurturing, a lot more either either the offer needs to hit them at the right time or the sales cycle is going to prolong. That's what we're seeing across all the businesses that we supported. You you made a comment about the outbound channels not working. What channels are you using today?  
00:27:53
 Adam Porroni: Uh, calling, email, LinkedIn.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Yeah. Um so the issue with email is nobody's reading it anymore. That's what I'm finding. Um calling is getting harder and harder, especially when Apple rolls out their newest um product release. I think that's going to make calling that much more harder because your your messaging would need to be really tight, right? Your salesperson, whoever he is or she is, would need to say exactly the right thing when the AI screening the calls in order for them to get passed through. Um, LinkedIn we're having pretty good traction with, but it's not outbound through LinkedIn, it's generating inbound through LinkedIn. Right? Just as you're having this conversation, we're finding that, you know, if we can distill the offer down to a very simple, memorable um tangible thing, people are able to get it, right? And there's levers that you can pull in order to to accelerate that, in order to make it more effective. Um, which is the area where what my team is playing these days.  
00:29:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: Do you do any any any paid advertising as well?Adam Porroni: So we tried that uh either five and a half or six years agoHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adam Porroni: and that that was so I can't you know I don't want to say like oh well this is something that we're doing now and this is our experience and this is how you can take it. Um I'm happy to speak to it but I don't want to waste time on it.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Is that something that you'd be willing to try again in the face of the challenges that you that you're anticipating?Adam Porroni: Yeah. I mean, if there if there's a if there's a strategy and that strategy is reasonably efficient. I mean, like the only the only experience I've really had with paid is just that they're very inefficient. And I don't, you know, I don't know. I mean, there's there's also a degree of um I may have mentioned this before, but like there's such a low barrier for entry on uh claiming that you do something that's similar to us.  
00:30:07
 Adam Porroni: Um so like for instance you know we we do handle a decent number of um security either privacy uh privacy security or or integrity um issues with AI integrations um and and AI development. And the downside of that, of course, is we're saying AI and everyone'sHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adam Porroni: saying AI, right? And and uh and then there's also, you know, every once in a while or every, you know, year or so, there's going to be some big cyber attack and then everyone's going to just toss in cyber too. UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adam Porroni: particularly if they're a there's some sort of technical company and um you know, then all of a sudden it becomes more people just trying to add to noise. And so cutting through is something where like, you know, again, if there's a good strategy, if I really, you know, if it becomes something that's efficient, I'm more than happy to try. I mean, I'm not I'm not going to say like I discount it. I just want to understand it.Hassaan Ahmad: fair enough.  
00:31:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um I think that this would be the point where I should tell you a bit more about our approach. Uh given the fact that we're coming up to the end of our 30 minutes as well, right?Adam Porroni: Yeah. No worries.Hassaan Ahmad: Um very high level Adam what we do is when we work with companies like yours and we we're working with a lot of AI first companies agencies etc etc the first point or the first phase that we call it is always about laying the foundations right and for us laying the foundations focuses on the messaging and we find that the best messaging is the one that is taken directly from either your current clients, right, or people in your industry. Now, you're in that really good position where you said you have 25 clients, that's a very good sample size, right? Even if we can speak with three or four of them and ask them some very pointed questions about why is it that they use vality service, right? What was the challenge that they were trying to solve?  
00:32:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: How did you guys solve it? and what are the outcomes that they're seeing. That gives us a very good body of knowledge around which we can build that narrative. Right? The next step that follows is redesigning the entire landing page to pick and use those words that they have used to describe the problem. Right? So right now when I go to your landing page, it's a lot about what you do, right? But it doesn't it doesn't tell me the outcomes that people have seen. Right? that's that's somewhat buried under right so it's surfacing that up especially in terms of the key problems that people were trying to solve and so it's the before and after right so before what were the problems and what was the pain and after working with you guys you know how good life is so surfacing that and making it visible very quickly so that when somebody comes to your website let's say they look at your ad or they come across any anything that is branded with your name they click on that and they come to the landing page in 3 seconds or less, they can get that information.  
00:33:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Or they have enough information to decide whether or not they want to spend the rest of the, you know, 5 minutes scrolling your website or not.Adam Porroni: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: It's I mean, I don't like to call it that, but it's pretty much the Tinder approach, right? So, if you've got the right profile picture and the right tagline on Tinder, you're moreAdam Porroni: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: likely to get right swipes than left. Yeah, that's how people decide. Now attention spans are very very small and it's being applied across the board right it doesn't matter how sophisticated the product or the offer is the initial qualification happens in 3 seconds or less right and those are the things that need to be solved and for us this is a design problem as much as it's a messaging problem right the design needs to be good and by design we need how it'sAdam Porroni: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: structured what does it look like how does it make people feel emotionally, how easily does it disseminate information and so forth. So, it's all of that, right?  
00:34:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, we solveAdam Porroni: Hey.Hassaan Ahmad: those two challenges and that then enables people to get to your funnel, right? And if we do this, right, the the conversion rate is drastically better. Like, I'm converting pretty much 70% of my meetings into opportunities, which is pretty nice, right? I think that's pretty solid. Um, and that's 50 to 70 75% is typically what we see. Sometimes it's even betterAdam Porroni: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: depending on how easy uh to understand the product is and how differentiated it is. And once you have those meetings coming in, once you have qualified meetings coming in and people have qualified themselves on the basis of the language, the messaging, the offer that you put out there, that accelerates sales cycles because you know that the people coming in through the funnel have associated with the problem that you put out there,Adam Porroni: Whoops.Hassaan Ahmad: have signal to you by clicking on whatever the uh call to action was that the end state that other customers have seen is aligned with the outcomes that they're looking for.  
00:35:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: And so you can conduct that sales cycle with a lot more confidence and push what needs to be pushed and increase the velocity. That's what we that's what I think would work here, right? I feel that you guys are set on the execution side, so I'm not going to push on that. Right? But it's the initial piece. is getting people in through the funnel. That'sAdam Porroni: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: one place where I feel we could help, right?Adam Porroni: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um don't know how that resonates with you.Adam Porroni: No, it's it's I mean it's completely reasonable. I I try to not come into a call like this with a wide number or wide um uh variety of expectations. Um so it's yeah it like nothing nothing of what you're saying is is off or wrong or uh strikes me in some way that's like I don't really know why he's getting there or something like that.Hassaan Ahmad: fair enough. But I I sense that there was a butt somewhere in that sentence.  
00:36:31
 Adam Porroni: No, but no, no, but I I appreciate you uh checking. So, butHassaan Ahmad: Okay, fine. So, if that does sound reasonable, then what would you like to do next?Adam Porroni: uh how do you how do you assess the So, this is a theory. this is totally reasonable theory that you're like, well, this this could be how we approach this and this is why. How um how do you then assess, okay, this is exactly what we should do and in what order and to what degree or to what intensity?Hassaan Ahmad: I lost you a bit there. Did I get your question as how do we assess situation and decide on the on the path forward?Adam Porroni: Yes, largely. Yep. Yep. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. And and by the situation, we're talking about how we would how we would go about creating messaging and narrative for you guys. Correct.Adam Porroni: Yeah, I mean granted I'd also like to understand are you know what type of success metrics or failure metrics occur and the uh the kind of like timeline that would that would be expected as well.  
00:37:41
 Adam Porroni: Uh, andHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adam Porroni: I'm not saying that you have to have those answers right, you know, out of thin air right now, but uh, those would be I would like to know them atHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adam Porroni: some point, youHassaan Ahmad: Okay,Adam Porroni: know.Hassaan Ahmad: fair enough. How much time do you have? Are you still good?Adam Porroni: Yeah, I'm still good.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. We approached this in three phases, right? So the first phase is getting that messaging right. So doing the interviews, figuring out what the right messaging needs to be, coming up with a range of offers and the landing page, right? So we'll create like two, three versions of the landing page, three to five, maybe 10 different offers depending on, you know, what the messaging is and how many different angles or how many different personas it could relate to, right? We do that in about 3 weeks postcontract signature, right? Sometimes it takes a bit longer depending on how much access we have.  
00:38:37
 Hassaan Ahmad: You know, with August just around the corner, I imagine a lot of contracts are going to take holidays and stuff. So, that might factor in as well. But if every in ideal circumstances, it takes us three three weeks from starting to the point where you know you have your landing pages, your offers, everything good to go. Yeah. After that, for between 6 and 8 weeks, what we do is we test and validate those offers, investing some of the money that we take from you. Yeah. So, we don't ask you for any additional budget because it's something that we're doing. We put our money where our mouths are, right? And we invest roughly half of that back into a sustained ad campaign for between 6 and 8 weeks. Yeah.Adam Porroni: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: That allows us to test and validate two things. One, which landing page and which offer is resonating and with whom. Yeah, that allows us quick calibration, right? And we can see, you know, what message works, why it works, and are we getting the right people through the funnel and two, the people who are coming through the funnel, we take the first calls with your support, right?  
00:39:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: And we see how qualified those calls are. um what kind of questions they're asking and we kind of loop that back into the landing pages to again improve the conversion that we have at the end of that phase which we call validation. You have a few metrics. One you have absolute metrics. So how many meetings were generated right? How many of those qualified into opportunities? What was the caliber of those meetings? So you would very quickly know if it's a 15K meeting or a 45K meeting, right? So you can tell very quickly, right? And and that you can use to extrapolate the results if you were to spend the same amount of budget and um you know run that campaign for another couple of months. So those are the absolute metrics and then what we have are the more relative metrics which are how much does it cost you to get a click. So what your cost per click is, what your cost per meeting is, what your cost per conversion is, and so forth.  
00:40:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Those metrics are really good because if it costs you to, you know, if it costs you a,000 to get one meeting, that's not great, right? But if you canAdam Porroni: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: reliably get, you know, meetings that qualify into opportunities for, let's say, 200 a piece or 150 a piece, that's amazing, right? because you know each 150 that you spendAdam Porroni: Heat.Hassaan Ahmad: um you're going to get 15k out of it or you know each 300 that you spend you're going to get 15k out of it. So that helps you understand you know what kind of budget you need to put aside for that right. Um and that also helps you get some very helpful understanding of you know what kind of sales support that you need how qualified or how senior a person that you need uh what kind of questions they need to answer etc etc etc. So a typical kind of validation phase or foundations and validation phase would run for three months but at the end of three months you should have or most of our clients have at least you know five to six meetings of which one or two are converting.  
00:41:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: They have very good understanding of their cost per customer acquisition. So cost per click cost per meeting cost per impression etc etc. And they have a very credible way of extrapolating that if they were to spend a certain ad budget, so 1,000 2 3 4 whatever you want to spend, what can they expect for that umAdam Porroni: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: going forward? Does that answer your question?Adam Porroni: I I mean largely there's a there's a degree to which I'd like to I I guess I'd like to understand. All right. Well, what um what level of responsibility exists also um because I understand that you know obviously there's at some point there would be a handoff and there's a certain degree of like um collaboration that that has to occur both for evaluating what truly hasn't worked and in what ways and you know tying that back to data and all that. UmHassaan Ahmad: Hurry.Adam Porroni: but yeah, I mean I I I mean if if you want to go more granular, certainly open to that.  
00:43:02
 Adam Porroni: If you want to ask me other questions in order to um identify what what you believe is is a reasonable uh or or to assess, you know, what maybe a reasonable uh next step or or next bit of clarity. I I'm more than happy to to do that, too. UmHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, look, um I think it's certainly worth havingAdam Porroni: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: another conversation, right? And taking you through some of the examples of work that we've done, right?Adam Porroni: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that would help in terms of responsibility um and transparency and so forth. You're you're absolutely right. If we if there is a handoff and you guys are doing your um you guys are running the sales process and I'm just, you know, giving you the leads, then there's an agency problem to solve there, right? UmAdam Porroni: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm incentivized on volume, right, which I'm not. Uh but most people in my situation would be incentivized on volume because the more I push through the funnel, the better chance there is.  
00:44:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, typically the way we solve this problem is by doing a revenue share, right? Where we get a share of the revenue and that incentivize that aligns our incentives with yours, right? The more revenue you generate, the bigger our share is going to be. So that's helpful for us. Um, and and we feel and most of our clients feel that that solves the agency problem really well in terms of the transparency side of things. We don't run this as a black box.Adam Porroni: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So in the first in the foundation phase once we have collected the information what you get is a Figma file right with the with the copy with the offers and everything and you have aAdam Porroni: Heat.Hassaan Ahmad: chance to get involved give us your feedback change whatever you don't like and we actually appreciate it because again our incentives are aligned right so so that helps but then when we're in the validation phase you will set up your link LinkedIn ad account we will manage that but you will own the keys to it.  
00:45:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: So you will be able to see at any given time how much money is being spent, what kind of impressions are being generated. So the data we won't doctor any of the data, right? The data is going to be there for you to see and validate independently. Um and obviously you'd have the meetings coming in which would reflect that as well. So there's both transparency and uh incentive alignment that we work on.Adam Porroni: It's okay.Hassaan Ahmad: And like I mentioned, I'm going to invest 50% of what I take from you in the first couple of months, first three months back into those ads, right? So they have to work otherwise I'm losing money. So I do that because it helps me retain customers, right? And I actually make my money and my margin after the 3 months, right? when somebody extends their relationship with us. So um so that's our way of showing you goodwill and showing you that you know we believe enough in our craft that we are basically riding off the first three months from a margin perspective.  
00:46:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: But we're we're banking on it working so that you stay with us long term and we make our margins after month four andAdam Porroni: Understood. Um, what does the, and apologies if I missed it, uh, you mentioned about revenue share. What does that look like usually? UnlessHassaan Ahmad: whenAdam Porroni: youHassaan Ahmad: weAdam Porroni: needHassaan Ahmad: doAdam Porroni: toHassaan Ahmad: theAdam Porroni: assessHassaan Ahmad: execution.Adam Porroni: that, butHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adam Porroni: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So when we do the execution as in when I provide a seller as well I take 15%. In this case I don't know if you want a seller or not.Adam Porroni: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: DoAdam Porroni: gotHassaan Ahmad: youAdam Porroni: it. Okay. Uh, I mean, look, am I open to it? Sure. Am I do I need it? No. UmHassaan Ahmad: okayAdam Porroni: or at leastHassaan Ahmad: fine?Adam Porroni: I I can I can kind of like build either way here.Hassaan Ahmad: All  
00:47:03
 Adam Porroni: UmHassaan Ahmad: right. Let's let's then operate on the assumption that we're not going to provide a seller, right? In that case, it's open-ended. The top end is 15% which is when I'm doing the execution. So somewhere below that, whatever is feasible for you and we can we can discuss what that might look like.Adam Porroni: got it. Okay. All right, fair enough.Hassaan Ahmad: Does sound reasonable, aligned with what could workAdam Porroni: Oh.Hassaan Ahmad: for you?Adam Porroni: Oh, I I mean generally fair. Uh I I mean I'm certainly it's it's there's no there's no absolute no here. So it's it's like you know I I think of largely what you were putting forward is reasonable and at least has a clear and consistent logic.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Then in that case, can I propose that we set up maybe a 60-minute call with you? And I noticed there was Jessica in your team who's looking after some sales side of things.Adam Porroni: Uh she does. Yeah.  
00:48:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So maybe her, anyone else that you want, right? We could do a a proper planning session, right? We could talk about what we do, but make it more focused on where is it that you want to get to, right? work back from a revenue goal and see you know what is a realistic performance metric that you guys would be after right and if you can deliver that and if so what it would look like and after that you know it's your call if you want to proceed forward or not.Adam Porroni: No, understood. Yeah. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adam Porroni: do you mind sending me an email though to request to um get that get that time on the schedule because I I just um I'm not necessarily immediately able to like dive in and and check my scheduleHassaan Ahmad: OfAdam Porroni: andHassaan Ahmad: course.Adam Porroni: do all that with if you email me, it'll also go to my assistant.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Sounds good, Adam. I'll do that.Adam Porroni: Okay, wonderful.Hassaan Ahmad: Cool. All right. Well, uh, that was that was all from me, Adam. Are there any any other questions, thoughts, concerns at this point?Adam Porroni: Oh, no. No. This has all been fair and reasonable and I appreciate it.Hassaan Ahmad: Awesome. All right. Well, in that case, let me send that email out and then uh we'll uh we'll speak whenever we speak.Adam Porroni: Sounds great. Really appreciate your time. Thank you for going over a bit and uh and and diving in.Hassaan Ahmad: Sounds great. Cheers, Adam.Adam Porroni: You too. You be well.Hassaan Ahmad: Take care. You, too. Bye.  
Transcription ended after 00:50:01

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
