---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Daily Strategy Session – 2025/11/24 14:00 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:36:39.407Z
meeting_date: 2025-11-24T14:55:19.911Z
---


Daily Strategy Session - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry, bro. Guess. Hello.Adeel Khan: Oh, welcome. You can hear me, right? But yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Can you hear me?Adeel Khan: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, thanks.Adeel Khan: Um, good. Fine. Nothing much.Hassaan Ahmad: S okayAdeel Khan: Ro Don't youHassaan Ahmad: my login better.Adeel Khan: Okay. Fed up.Hassaan Ahmad: Anything else you think we should be doing?Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm trying. I have been trying. I should do it. What do you think? I feel really good about this one.Adeel Khan: Carousel.Hassaan Ahmad: May you want to change version.Adeel Khan: Yeah, I've never had good success, but we can try.Hassaan Ahmad: So single unit. That can be just one image.Adeel Khan: Johnston. Yeah, that's nice actually. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Variation. No, actually it's key variation. Yeah.Adeel Khan: Don't get slowed down. Is that a better use case or locked out?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:08:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: Complete lockout. Slow is slow.Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: But what we're targeting is How to do thisAdeel Khan: I'm going to do no course.Hassaan Ahmad: carousel or single image, right? course LinkedIn what I've started is this marketing labs zero understanding so I've started off with their guided stuffAdeel Khan: Yeah. Was it? Yeah. Is it add conversions?Hassaan Ahmad: learning so I started with this which I think for somebody like me who had zero understanding.Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: This is pretty good. So the idea is I go into this and then I start doing some more advanced stuff.Adeel Khan: These guys are really really good.Hassaan Ahmad: Add conversion.Adeel Khan: I just liked it.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll tell you.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Like the latest message.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, best.Adeel Khan: Yeah. It's like a 2hour crash course. So I think like seven hours or hours total.Hassaan Ahmad: Thanks, man. So, yeah, that's fun.Adeel Khan: There's also Reddit and B2B everything. So, it's all B2B.  
00:10:48
 Adeel Khan: You'll you'll find it interesting.Hassaan Ahmad: What about any others?Adeel Khan: Did you see the ones I sent? Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I quite liked it. Actual.Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: This is the process. So, which one do we want to go with?Adeel Khan: Christmas party. They want a frictionless way to lock gun into the government. One click access to government gateway.Hassaan Ahmad: Should we do this?Adeel Khan: 4 is all it takes to make a government gateway problem go. Yeah, number five is good. 11. I think four. If your team is working, if your team is sacrificing billable hours on admin, you need my one login. on stupid admin. On dumb admin on admin you can't control on admin you thought you couldn't change on admin that you've accepted. How many do we have? We have one 2 3 4 I think.Hassaan Ahmad: Should we try? Anyone try this one? Yes.Adeel Khan: So you can you can supplement the other ones.  
00:13:38
 Adeel Khan: So the case study Let's go a as supplemented with the caption thing.Hassaan Ahmad: True. Yeah.Adeel Khan: Oh, and even this one, we fixed a government gateway problem for UK accounting for 4 per account. And even this is a good supplement one. So yeah, add figure something else.Hassaan Ahmad: Supplements. Call to action was it? Yeah.Adeel Khan: Do something. I think full process for like 10 seconds.Hassaan Ahmad: I just want one thing.Adeel Khan: Don't see Oh yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Something like this.Adeel Khan: Yeah. I've seen it.Hassaan Ahmad: So, and it's f****** disgusting.Adeel Khan: Accountants lally want only one thing.Hassaan Ahmad: housekeeper. We can just write quite reasonable. Then one click access to government.Adeel Khan: Yeah. And we can add the mind-blowing emoji graphic. A lot of people like that. Yeah, let's take a nail yourself to five.Hassaan Ahmad: So we have one, two, three. This can be the thing. Correct. Yeah.  
00:15:24
 Adeel Khan: Yeah. And this could be like Left scribble scribble scrippble right one flow login enter why one login before and after typeHassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. What do you think?Adeel Khan: Yeah, OTP better than one time password lingo makes sense.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: It'll be easier for designers.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh Mike who are going to be directors and above.Adeel Khan: I don't know what it is. Yeah, that's just got some insight.Hassaan Ahmad: They might not instinctively get what OTP stands for. Yeah, that's enough.Adeel Khan: Nice.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we have this, we have this, two, three, four, and five.Adeel Khan: Yep. Yep. Who's designing?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think Adnan's gonna do it, but he's gonna show Rahan while like they're going to build it together. Can own this going forward.Adeel Khan: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: We met over the weekend and we were just like designing. Let's just ask him to do more and more. He gets better at doing this. Adan can focus on more value, higher value stuff.  
00:20:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: And if Rahan picks it up, then that allows us to do things faster. Creative change. Now we just give him something and then he can build it.Adeel Khan: Good job.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's good. Um, we can set up the campaign in the meantime.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Let's see. How's it doing?Hassaan Ahmad: picked up over the weekend.Adeel Khan: Weekend spending far.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, but I think last time we looked at it was 700ish.Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So these are the two campaigns we're looking at performing bro crazy engagement like I was looking at it in the in the morning and I was like f*** this is goodAdeel Khan: Good. R Nicole Baji has a 1.27% CTR.Hassaan Ahmad: like literally nothing else is working. So this is f****** brilliant. I was wondering we should take this creative text.Adeel Khan: I have a I have a creative idea. Yes. I have a creative idea.Hassaan Ahmad: We run that on the other campaign as well.  
00:22:29
 Adeel Khan: Uh yeah. Yeah, I have it. I'm thinking about it. It will be nice. 1.95% CPC 18.558 clicks uh Friday Saturday Sunday 120 and you think it's spending all right 60 148 do yesterday spendHassaan Ahmad: Friday. Yes. 148 I think 60 between Friday and nowish.Adeel Khan: yeah take fine Uh do yesterday like let's check per day.Hassaan Ahmad: Can we say yes to that?Adeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: 72nd November.Adeel Khan: Okay. And do uh 22. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. and do Friday 21 and 21. Let it run.Hassaan Ahmad: JPS UX. Okay.Adeel Khan: Don't change the bids cuz let go. Okay. And dotal seven days. Uh let's check uh delivery. Uh 1.69 frequency. Okay. Actually left frequency 1.1. All right. budget take uh and do uh 30 days. do go to performance. Uh any left and go to delivery. All right.  
00:25:11
 Adeel Khan: Uh yeah, engagement.Hassaan Ahmad: Do that.Adeel Khan: Nice. 6 second roll time. No reactions, but go to the right. Uh eight landing page clicks, five pages to LinkedIn. Okay, interesting. Now it's better probably time to make changes in C1 A2.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, Please.Adeel Khan: The branding angle works by this look of it. Strong sol. Okay. Yeah, it doesHassaan Ahmad: So relaunch.Adeel Khan: to give us data. I thought we'll do a couple of changes so we'll be able to see if we added Nicole's picture to this effect and all that. So you basically constant change you're just changing one element with a new campaign.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: It's better to do that apparently. So yeah, maybe.Hassaan Ahmad: So why not ads like like what's the I'm trying to understand relaunch.Adeel Khan: So yeah, but it's basically if you add the other one to LinkedIn will like it might just favor the other stuff and you don't know exact effect the other start from zero  
00:28:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Adeel Khan: engagement. So like a lot of times you will see has a 2 something ctr ling to why that happens but yeah soHassaan Ahmad: Okay. Okay. Fine.Adeel Khan: so you're just like a bit old school that is really advanced but Yeah, don't change.Hassaan Ahmad: You want to do it? Yeah. Should we do it together?Adeel Khan: You can do it now if you want. All right. Uh screen share. We can figure out that canva line we want to do.Hassaan Ahmad: There you go.Adeel Khan: I think I have it here. There you are. Where do you think we Good. I think it should be Google ad specific. greeted. We increased our lead flow from Google by 240%. You were right about the on structure. Too much words.Hassaan Ahmad: I think so. Wait a second.Adeel Khan: Sass and professional. Oh. I think I use Calvin. So Love.  
00:33:21
 Adeel Khan: Oh, should I Sure. You're shHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Uh cheese got agency testimonials.Adeel Khan: That's good.Hassaan Ahmad: Rock and Zula.Adeel Khan: Uh but I don't know how I brought so many customers from this. By the way, I think videos I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: how it's working.Adeel Khan: I actually got a lot of customers from this video as AllHassaan Ahmad: website. Click on see if we are fit button CT.Adeel Khan: right. Hello.Hassaan Ahmad: So, if you want to pick any of those, I love the first one. Calls are way up. Okay, we are up 17%. Received 190 more calls than last month. That's essentially what anybody cares about.Adeel Khan: course creator.Hassaan Ahmad: very bad.Adeel Khan: do side. No, sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Uh we've seen this right side pair that is producing much better results.Adeel Khan: You're ready.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh this may right side pair. So we use the picture right side pair but we use the testimonial 17% for testimonial.  
00:39:58
 Hassaan Ahmad: This oneAdeel Khan: Oh god. of launch.Hassaan Ahmad: download videos.Adeel Khan: I think for Very slow, man. Oh, I'm going to net though. Never mind. This is horrible, man. I think S time is just throttled it for some reason.Hassaan Ahmad: It's not even that late, man. It's like art over there.Adeel Khan: Get 2hour period is so bad.Hassaan Ahmad: US time between 6 after 6 p.m.Adeel Khan: Damn.Hassaan Ahmad: they would start coming online and a lot of people work on the west coast they would be coming online pretty much between now and 10. So chase it thus is just maybe increased traffic but I may just beAdeel Khan: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: speculating at this stage. So the Nicole Bajiki campaign may the only thing we are changing so we're relaunching the campaign with new creatives but we're not changing any audience or anything else.Adeel Khan: I'm thinking I think I'm sass because even the creators are more professional student head.Hassaan Ahmad: it there. Yeah.Adeel Khan: So that's what I see. They prefer the metal side though. Maybe f******, man. I can't see your video.Hassaan Ahmad: So yeah, um let me share my screen. Let's see if we can start boosting off next stuff. Yeah. If you can see my screen properly, you can't. f*** it. Um, let's get carrot cake online and let's start boosting n post. Let's do those two things today. All right. I see. Thank you. Hello. Hello. Yo B video and mic system. Hi. Hello. How was your mute if you're speaking right now? I don't know. Hello.  
Transcription ended after 00:53:19

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
