---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: 30 Minutes with Remotir between Remotir and Warren Sadler – 2025/06/30 21:58 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:39:37.574Z
meeting_date: 2025-06-30T21:33:16.153Z
---


30 Minutes with Remotir between Remotir and Warren Sadler - Transcript
00:00:00
 Warren Sadler: Hassan, hello.Hassaan Ahmad: Hi Warren. How's it going?Warren Sadler: Doing well. Doing well. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well, thank you.Warren Sadler: Where are you located?Hassaan Ahmad: Take a guess.Warren Sadler: Oh, uh, California.Hassaan Ahmad: No, I'm in London,Warren Sadler: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: UK.Warren Sadler: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Warren Sadler: What's it like this time of year? I'm curious.Hassaan Ahmad: it's really hot. Um, yeah, today was my what says 32 degrees. Felt more like 45. Oh, it was terrible.Warren Sadler: So translating into the fair that's like 80s 90 90s 100 right likeHassaan Ahmad: 32. Well, let's ask our good friend Google.Warren Sadler: ohHassaan Ahmad: 89.6 today. Yeah.Warren Sadler: sweaty gross notHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Warren Sadler: funHassaan Ahmad: Thankfully, it wasn't Well, it hasn't been raining, so it wasn't really humid, which isWarren Sadler: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: which is a blessing. But it's going to rain after tomorrow, and then it gets humid and hot. So, not looking forward to it.  
00:03:46
 Warren Sadler: Oh, man. No, I'm inHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Warren Sadler: uh Nashville, Tennessee. It feels like uh Jurassic Park out here some days, man. You just like walking out. It'sHassaan Ahmad: Wow.Warren Sadler: like, is this the rainforest? Like, what's happening right now? Is justHassaan Ahmad: Crazy. Is thatWarren Sadler: rough.Hassaan Ahmad: normal though? I've never been to Nashville,Warren Sadler: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: but is that normal for this time of the year?Warren Sadler: we're actually described as a rainforest because we're like in a bowl. A lot of pollen. A lot of moisture just sort of builds up here. It can be nice. I'm not going to d I'm not going to make itHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Warren Sadler: out to be like the worst place in the world, but it does get hot and humid. So, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's one of my places to try, man. I've heard a lot about your hot sauces and your barbecue andWarren Sadler: Oh,  
00:04:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: uhWarren Sadler: man. If you're aHassaan Ahmad: reallyWarren Sadler: fan,Hassaan Ahmad: want to come.Warren Sadler: youHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Warren Sadler: have you treat yourself, man. If you're ever in town, man, let me know. I have to show you around. Treat you like a native.Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely. I love that. US is one of my favorite places to uh to holiday. I mean, it's it's like a world in itself. You get such diversity from coast to coast. you know, north to south that you don't really need to go anywhere. Plus,Warren Sadler: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: everything'sWarren Sadler: sure.Hassaan Ahmad: I find that everything's so accessible. Everything's, for lack of better word, um, free, right? Like you feel that sense of just just, you know, the freedom to do stuff, which isWarren Sadler: IHassaan Ahmad: amazing, right?Warren Sadler: I don't know what you mean,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Warren Sadler: man. I I totally get it. Uh, you know, I I haven't been to the UK in particular, have gone to um Europe, and what I appreciate there is just the history, man.  
00:05:25
 Warren Sadler: It's just likeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Warren Sadler: it's it's hard to walk into a place and just say, man, like how many generations have just walked through this space likeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Warren Sadler: like you know history books, you know, it's all here, man. And that is a surreal and the art too just likeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Warren Sadler: it's unreal. So yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. But hey Warren, thank you so muchWarren Sadler: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: for booking this meeting, mate. Really appreciate it. Um, soWarren Sadler: Amazing.Hassaan Ahmad: just a quick intro. I have co-founded Remote here and I've run sales for it as well. Been in the business for well been in the business with Remote here about six months but beenWarren Sadler: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: in sales about 15 years selling enterprise software um analytics advisory kids toys likeWarren Sadler: Interesting.Hassaan Ahmad: anything and everything under the sun basically. So love sales, live and breathe sales and uh decided that you know it was time that I helped founders and smaller companies who struggle with that specific skill set to really kind of break through and that's what I'm trying to do with mutier.  
00:06:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: I have a co-founder who is a senior staff designer at Meta. So he brings really strong design and process expertise and together what we're doing is we're looking at the whole funnel from the top to bottom looking at how to optimize it at each step so that by the time a salesperson needs to speak to a person or a client or prospect, they're like half sold, right? So,Warren Sadler: Wow.Hassaan Ahmad: it's maximizing the efficiency at every single step um through the process that I've had to be in the trenches to learn. He had to be in the trenches to learn. So,Warren Sadler: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: in a nutshell, that's who we are. And really appreciate you taking the time to uh to get to know a little bit about us, but also really really curious to hear about Terify because from the website, it looks uh looks amazing. It looks like it's uh you know, it's it's trying to solve a real problem. So curious to hear where you are, what your system is,  
00:07:35
 Warren Sadler: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and where do you think you need help?Warren Sadler: Yeah. No, I appreciate that. and and and love the background and it sounds like there's just a a a breadth of enterprise sales a few different verticals in there and then like your co-founder having the design expertise process and experience uh design experience like I mean it's great uh and yeah my co-founder he was formerly at Meta 2 actually working partnerships um on the ad pub side and so um just a great sort of system pedigree and experience there. So really really cool stuff. Uh and yeah the we are really focused on employer and the way we describe ourselves as a um in network. So I can caveat I can explain that a little bit because it's US healthcare is crazy but I'llHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Warren Sadler: I'll get to it but a in network uh matching solution connecting employees to uh clinicians who understand that cultural identity piece but also for the employer um that keeps cost down and so just to give you a sense of what that means in the in the US benefits context um yeah we have a fragmented health care system where it's quite easy one to find yourself waiting weeks and months to find a provider who's available.  
00:08:59
 Warren Sadler: Uh we shorten that. So we can take on average uh a person who's been waiting six months and get them matched with the provider in less than five hours. Um and we do that by keeping them within the health plan as well. So to that point, like I said, the healthcare payers market, these are brands like United Healthcare, not necessarily the best news track record, but we can digress there. Etna Sigma, these are payers, people who pay for clinical services. Uh it's a massive marketplace where individuals can find their own care. The challenge is however, as an employer, an employee, anytime you step out of network, you incur some additional cost. And so we're saying not only can we decrease the time someone spends waiting for support, we can also decrease the cost the spin that's usually associated with individuals navigating healthcare themselves. And so um how or why that's differentiated is most solutions nowadays at least in the employee benefit space as it pertains to mental health and wellness. Maybe you've heard of Headspace or Calm or BetterHelp.  
00:10:07
 Warren Sadler: These are the self-directed sort of meditation or uh individual support tools. And then we also have uh what's called employee assistance programs which is on the other end of the spectrum which are sort of these reserved resources for employees. So not really giving you the full spectrum of choice and then also not a long-term solution. So we find ourselves fitting that gap in the middle where yeah short-term sort of self-help is cool. So is short-term crisis. Amazing. But what about that long-term care? Really building that relationship with provider for better outcomes all within the health plan. So we think we solve a problem there. That said, this is me stepping into the role of CEO as of April of this year and even learning to articulate our sales process and building some of those things out. Uh I mentioned my co-founder earlier. He had to step down due to some some family emergencies of his own. And so now I'm stepping into the sales process and really trying to take wholesale look at it and say how do we improve this um to the point of our sales cycle.  
00:11:08
 Warren Sadler: I'd say it's six to eight months a typical um cycle time and then our average contract value is somewhere between uh I'll probably say 45K. We have some deals on the um high five figures, but I think we could probably if we nailed it be hitting that sort of six figure mark on our opportunities because we think that's what the market opportunity uh actual sizing looks like. And so all that to say, I think we have probably an acquisition challenge like how do we do effective outbound or lead genen or demand genen? And from there, I think we could do be doing a much better job of educating and differentiating ourselves in the space. And so how do we really carve out an angel? And talking to our customers, a big emphasis is on access. And so I think we have an opportunity to nail that positioning, really speak to the role that we solve or the problem that we solve in the benefits landscape um and just capitalize on that really just to um accelerate our our pipeline pipeline growth.  
00:12:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: makes makes sense and thank you so much for uh for taking me through the talk actually today. So I have been doing some research but you're absolutely right. US healthcare is is a beast right? It's it's it's very interesting case study and it's just well depending on which lens you put on it. It's either brilliant or it's just crazy with the complexity with the with the rule books the processes the u the regulations. It's just insane. But you've said a couple of really interesting things, Warren. And by the way, how are you for time? Do you have a hot stop orWarren Sadler: I do have a hard stop, butHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Warren Sadler: uh Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Good. Uh let me then try to make it quick and you know if it makes sense we could do a follow-up. You you mentioned three things, right? So your kind of three challenges or two challenges that you talked about was number one on the acquisition side, right?  
00:13:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: Number two on the differentiating your messaging when you're in front of the customer. Right? Did I did I get that correct? Right.Warren Sadler: That'sHassaan Ahmad: And youWarren Sadler: right.Hassaan Ahmad: feel that your USP is more around the access the speed to speed to connection with the with the right therapist is is a differentiator. Okay. Good. On the acquisition side, um what have you tried so far and what kind of results have you seen?Warren Sadler: Yeah. You know, it's interesting from the outbound perspective. It's been I would probably say high volume, maybe low value outbound cold email. And so something like 4,000 or so touches usually like these three to four part sequences. Um and so my guess is and not bad. We're starting to get some very nent traction. So maybe like one or two um meetings a month. Still very early there. Um but to that point, it's like what I could imagine we'd benefit from is probably lower volume and faster iteration.  
00:14:26
 Warren Sadler: with better list. And so, you know, really honing in on a particular segment and probably again just a faster iteration on again like smaller profile or smaller lists to really understand what hits before we flip that. And so you know even to that point of time you know I have a meeting here shortly next 15 where exactly what I'm talking about with our existing SDR service isHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Warren Sadler: do we flip the script get more specific smaller list um but faster iteration cycles on copy rightHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. So you've got an external STR service that you're leveraging for thisWarren Sadler: that's correctHassaan Ahmad: and they are managing the outbound emails as wellWarren Sadler: That's right. So, they're doing someHassaan Ahmad: andWarren Sadler: of the list buildingHassaan Ahmad: yeah.Warren Sadler: enrichment and inbox rotation andHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Warren Sadler: even some of the microcopy generation too for the emails.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. And is that something that you're doing or is that what they're doing?Warren Sadler: That's what they're doingHassaan Ahmad: Okay.  
00:15:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Fine. And you've had them for how long?Warren Sadler: since April. So about three three-ish months.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. I'm curious. I was looking through the met the LinkedIn ads library and I saw that you guys ran some ads as well. What was the results of that and how was the experience with that?Warren Sadler: Yeah, that was interesting. So I had a partner who was working on um just our LinkedIn messaging and so we did that primarily to experiment on what type of angles drove engagement. Do I think we pushed on conversions not enough but we're just trying to just see what people respond to and the language was pretty clear. was really centered around um outcomes seemed to be the most driving sort it makes perfect sense but sometimes you just need to see like compared to uh emotional language which we had some hypotheses around this being a very emotional product it's true but the things that actually converts um is ROI and outcomes or what people actually click on and so  
00:16:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Warren Sadler: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely. And on that point and you know that's kind of loops back into the point about differentiation. Who do you find is is interested? So from the emails or from the ad campaign that you ran or general conversations, who do you find the message is resonating the most with?Warren Sadler: Yeah. We get VPs of total rewards, probably our most engaged persona. AndHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Warren Sadler: so these are folks who ironically the companies tend to be larger. So if you're an HR organization that has someone specialized enough to focus on benefits, you're pretty mature in your HR motion. Um and that could also just be senior that could be time. So uh not necessarily company size, but typically longer lived organizations have that type of specialization or they're big, right? And so I think the two camps would be uh still total rewards but these are uh wellestablished companies so beenHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Warren Sadler: around for a decent amount of time or they're large enough that they have that specialization in uh their HR function.  
00:17:48
 Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. And who do you feel is converting?Warren Sadler: Uh, I would say we convert more so on organizations that really have a mature like people strategy and by that what I mean is like they can't always compete on salary like just compensation but total rewards in the sense of the overall package is important and in fact there is some emphasis on um quality of employee experience. And so those companies that can articulate we want to be an employer of choice, we are trying to win awards based upon our people strategy or being a place an ideal place to work. Those are the people that like okay we want to stack our benefits solution and this solves sort of a a unique niche in that conversation.Hassaan Ahmad: Sounds sounds good. Sounds uh well sounds logical.Warren Sadler: Sounds logical, butHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Warren Sadler: you know, you you're a sales person. It's not always logic that gets people to sign across the dotted line.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Uh question for you. So VP of Total Rewards is interested, but who's signing the check?  
00:19:06
 Warren Sadler: Yeah. Right. And so even now we're in what we're not quite negotiation phase, but the chief people officer oftentimes has to be bought in. And so the peopleHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Warren Sadler: who end up signing this tends to be VP of people, chief people officer themselves, probably someone with that executive purview on the people's side will end up signing our contract.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. There's a reason I asked that question, but before I share that reason with you, um I realize that we've got 12 minutes. I don't want to pitch you, Warren. Right. So, I'm going to ask you up front. Um you've obviously looked at an ad, right? You you decided to have this meeting. What What is it that you or what specifically would help you in your own words? What are you looking for?Warren Sadler: Yeah, I mean I think for us the the value is how do we more consistently develop uh top of funnel and book meetings. I think that's the most important thing for us as a uh pro I would describe it pre-product market fit, right?  
00:20:16
 Warren Sadler: I think we're really trying to figure out yes, we have some initial success, we have some revenues, but what is that thing that's going to consistently get us meetings and get us uh signatures, but I think we have to learn that. And so moving up to the top of the funnel, just answer the question concisely, we just want more at bats really.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Makes makes perfect sense. Did you say you're pre-product market fit or you're trying to reach product market fit?Warren Sadler: Yeah, that's right.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right. Interesting. Well, on your LinkedIn page, it said that you had like 500K to a million in revenue. So, I would classify I mean, it's probably just LinkedIn doing its thing.Warren Sadler: LinkedIn doing it stuff, man. Yeah, you knowHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Warren Sadler: how itHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. All right. Cool. Fine. Um, let me share some thoughts, Warren,Warren Sadler: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: and then I will tell you how we might be able to help.  
00:21:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: If there's any alignment, you can decide if you want to have another conversation or how you want to play this. Right. When I looked at your website, right, it's a beautiful website, by the way.Warren Sadler: Thank you.Hassaan Ahmad: I think to your point about that messaging piece, right, I think that that could use a little bit of refinement. Why? Because in my mind and this is my experience as well but your website or your landing page serves two purposes. One is it creates brand awareness and number two and more importantly in my opinion especially for companies of your size and actually remote here as well. It's a shop front right it has to look exciting enough and by exciting I mean relevant enough to draw people in. Right now you said that the people who you are finding more success with are the VP of people, VP of total rewards and the person signing the check is CPO, right?Warren Sadler: man.Hassaan Ahmad: However, on your website, you do have the right content sprinkled around, right?  
00:22:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: But you don't call it early enough. So the metrics that I saw were, let's see, I made a note of that. Um, where is it again? Where did it go? Yeah, you talk about costWarren Sadler: AllHassaan Ahmad: savings, right? You talk about employee experience and so forth. Now, the way the VP of total rewards is thinking about is is employee NPS, right? You have some good names in there. Call out employee NPS, right? Call out the correct impact before and after to employee NPS. which you could really help. You made a comment about um you know uh ROI driving the sales. You're missing an ROI calculator, mate.Warren Sadler: right.Hassaan Ahmad: Just put an ROI calculator on your website and that's going to just that's going to make it tangible because it makes a simple calculation, right? If you've got 30 employees and you're saying 1260 per employee, right? or let's say the average number of employees that need it and 10 is 10%, you can put a dollar value on it and that helps the VP really quickly make the business case in their head which they can then take to the CPO and try to get a yes or no, right?  
00:23:26
 Warren Sadler: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: That shortens your sales cycle that pre-qualifies the person, right? Because if your cost is, let's say, 45K and the business case is of 12K, it's never going to fly, right?Warren Sadler: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: the cost is 45K and the business case is 450K. Wait, now you're talking because everybody's looking for that magical taxWarren Sadler: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: um return on investment. So that's what we do, right? We take a very holistic approach to why somebody's buying, right? And what exactly is the problem that they're trying to solve, right?Warren Sadler: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And I find that most products are amazing but as founders we feel very differently about them as opposed to the people who are buying it. Right?Warren Sadler: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: So the people who are buying your product are not buying in my opinion the speed to market. Right? Sorry. Or the speed to which their employees can get access toWarren Sadler: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: to to the right provider. If you kind of peel that onion, right?  
00:24:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: And if you go a layer deeper, you have to ask why does that matter? It matters because the quicker an employee can get support, the less likely they are to take some time off, right?Warren Sadler: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Why does that matter? Because time off equals lost productivity, right?Warren Sadler: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: That's what they care about.Warren Sadler: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: All of the other things are nice to have. You you see where I'm going with this, right? So theWarren Sadler: Absolutely.Hassaan Ahmad: person who's writing the budget or person who holds the keys to the purse or the strings to the purse, that's what they're thinking about, right? So they're thinking about how do I maximize my productivity, right?Warren Sadler: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: How do I maximize my retention and how do I make sure that the my benefits program is costing the company as little as possible because every single thing that they do has to be accretive to to the bottom line, right? What you'reWarren Sadler: That'sHassaan Ahmad: proposing  
00:25:24
 Warren Sadler: right.Hassaan Ahmad: is a cost item. It doesn't add to the top line, right? What you're proposing is a way to mitigate the cost. You're proposing a way to mitigate the churn risk and you're proposing a way a way to mitigate or or lower the cost of the benefits program.Warren Sadler: 1,000%Hassaan Ahmad: That's what you're after, right? And and when you can change the messaging to hit those points, that's when the magic starts happening, right? Because the person on LinkedInWarren Sadler: AllHassaan Ahmad: for example who sees that ad or who sees that email will read the top three words and they would get it right just as you saw our ad and you saw something which got you curious rightWarren Sadler: right,Hassaan Ahmad: so in the same way the ICP once we've got a tightly defined ICP right which is your CHRO CPO your VP of total the bonds even your CFO right because your CFO is looking at the cost and saying dude 70% of my cost is my people right andWarren Sadler: great.  
00:26:19
 Hassaan Ahmad: of those people, let's say 3% are off at any given time. Of those 3%, one of them is because of mental health, some sort of math. They're running that that math, right?Warren Sadler: That'sHassaan Ahmad: YouWarren Sadler: right.Hassaan Ahmad: understand that math, you word that in an offer and you put it in front of them, right? That gets higher quality leads through the funnel, right? Then you put a really tight qualification criteria and you help them, you help your sales team qualify that better. It's a simple set of questions. Hey, how many employees do you have? How many people are off at any given time? You would have some industry metrics to back you up. I'm sure research is there. You and so forth are going to be putting out tons and tons of research for this. We use that and we come up with a cost of the problem and once you have a cost of the problem, everything else is easy. Right?Warren Sadler: Right.  
00:27:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's in a nutshell what remote can do for you. Right? We could start from the very top. We could speak with the current people. So I saw some names Indeed, etc., etc. on your website. If they are current customers, we could speak with them and we could try to understand why exactly they bought, right? What outcomes have they seen in terms of dollar value, in terms of attrition, in terms of churn, in terms of all of that? How are they quantifying it? Use that messaging and use those words to come up with a really tight message, right? Right now what we're doing is we are prioritizing ads as opposed to cold emails, right? But we do that on our own dime for two months, right? So whatever we take from you, we'll front 50% of that back into ads for you to test that offer. The reason why we're doing it because Apple is destroying cold calls. Your AI is destroying cold emails. email deliverability is like 0.05% 05% right now and out of 4,000 emails a month you're getting two meetings like the ROI is just not there.  
00:28:22
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? A much better way to do is spend 1,500 two grand on ads. With a really tight offer, the key is that you've got a really tight offer, right? If you've got that tight offer and you run the right ads, you would start seeing some results trickle down. And why can I say this? Because I started running my ads today. So, I had paused the campaign, started running my ads today. I've got two leads already, and I think my daily budget was less than $50, right? So, it's something that we're we're putting our money our mouth well, our money where our mouths are, which is why we're going to invest back into the ads for you. We're going to come up with messaging. We're going to test it on LinkedIn. We'll do that for two months and by the end of two months you would know exactly which offer works, what your cost per meeting is, what your cost per click is, what your cost per lead is, and how many of those leads are converting, right?  
00:29:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: So you would be able to chart a path from your dollar spent to your dollar earned through data and after two months, you can decide if that's something you want to continue, right? If you do want to continue it, we could decide what the ad budget would be. And based on the data, if you know that, you know, in order for you to make, let's say, $45,000, you have to spend two grand. Well, two grand is too much, 500, then you would know that, you know, if you have an ad budget of 3,000, what kind of revenue could you expect? So, we'll help you with that. And then if you want, if that's something that you want, I could help you with your uh we could provide some consultancy around your sales process, messaging, etc., etc. Um, so it's a fullervice solution, right? You can pick and choose. But if you do decide to work with us, I would want to own the top of the funnel, right? I would want to own the messaging, the offer.  
00:30:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: We might even design a landing page just to check really quickly what works, right? And we'll get you leads. If you want, I could put a seller on it as well. So I could put an STR who could qualify and then pass it on to your team or if you want we could put a senior AE who can take that sales cycle run with it and actually deliver revenue for you. It's up to you. How does that sound?Warren Sadler: You know, it's interesting, man. It's like uh to your point on just cold email and just like what channels are working, but to that point of, you know, for us, what we're trying to achieve probably within the next year is moving towards our series A. And I think a big portion of that is revenue predictability. And so, you know, when you talk about just cost of acquisition, being able to dial that in and know what that means, I mean, that's huge. Um, and then to the point of the willingness to sit with the customers, really understand what resonates, the effects that it's had on their business, and turn that into messaging, uh, as part of the service is really meaningful, too, right?  
00:31:18
 Warren Sadler: And so yeah, I mean I do have to jump but to that point I wonder is there I don't know another meeting or you know thinking about next steps or itHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Warren Sadler: sounds interesting.Hassaan Ahmad: Look, so let's do another meeting, right? Let's uh let's take another 45 minutes. I can walk you through the process and I can walk you through now that I understand what what challenges are there. I can walk you through what my plan would be, right? Um, and then if that works, we can you can tell me, you know, if there's anybody else in your team that you want to kind of validate that with. If not, we can decide, you know, when and how you want to move forward. Does that sound okay?Warren Sadler: sounds good to me. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Do you really quickly, I know you've got a jump. Do you have your calendar, which could we book itWarren Sadler: IHassaan Ahmad: now?Warren Sadler: do have my calendar. Yeah. And so now that I know you're um GMT time, let's see. Wondering if there's thisHassaan Ahmad: Can we do Wednesday, Thursday maybe?Warren Sadler: Wednesday. I could do Wednesday.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep.Warren Sadler: I could do this Wednesday. Uh 10 CT is wide open.Hassaan Ahmad: Which umWarren Sadler: Trying toHassaan Ahmad: let'sWarren Sadler: see whatHassaan Ahmad: seeWarren Sadler: that looks like for you all.Hassaan Ahmad: 10 C2 time. Is that 10? That can't be right. Oh, U CST. I think Central time. Yeah. Okay. 4 p.m. Wednesday 400 p.m. might be challenging. Could we do 2 hours later or 3 hours later actually? So 7 or 8 my time.Warren Sadler: So that's noon nighttime.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Warren Sadler: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's do 8:00 p.m. That would work well for me. Yeah. Okay.  
Transcription ended after 00:33:53

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
