---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Erdem Ozturk – 2026/03/09 13:28 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-09T14:14:30.199Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-09T14:00:52.714Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Erdem Ozturk - Transcript
00:00:00
 Erdem Ozturk: Hi, Assam.Hassaan Ahmad: Hi Adam, how are you?Erdem Ozturk: I'm good. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, can you hear me?Erdem Ozturk: Yes, I hear you.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing. How are you?Erdem Ozturk: Yeah, I'm good. How areHassaan Ahmad: Wonderful. Yeah,Erdem Ozturk: you?Hassaan Ahmad: I wasn't sure if uh you got my message where I was asking you to confirm. So, thank you for uh coming.Erdem Ozturk: No problem.Hassaan Ahmad: Wonderful. Well, Adam, um do you have a hard stop at 2:00?Erdem Ozturk: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, perfect. Then uh well let me introduce myself and uh we can get into it.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So I'm the CRO and founder of Remote here. Um as you know you might have learned from our website we're a GTM infrastructure firm. We help with companies um all the way from establishing product market fit all the way down to you know running the revenue functions for them. Um I would love to just talk and talk a lot about what is it that we do but this meeting is about you.  
00:02:47
 Hassaan Ahmad: So I would really like to understand um a couple of things if that's okay. Number one um what what does your current system look like today and where are theErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: current roadblocks that you were hoping we could discuss today? Right. And then secondly, if um you know what caught your interest,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, what is it that you would like us to do for you um specifically so that we can you know have a conversationErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: around that.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Does that work?Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Perfect. So should we start with the letter actually?Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm assuming you came across our our ad, our website, something caught your interest. What was it?Erdem Ozturk: Yeah. I might have seen something on LinkedIn and we we are a startup and we want to increase our revenue.Hassaan Ahmad: ThenErdem Ozturk: At the moment it's mainly founder le sales. So I'm the founder of the company. I'm basically doing most of the sales.  
00:03:40
 Erdem Ozturk: uh it's through my network, through my contacts, through trade shows that we are uh exhibiting. It's very like high cost activities.Hassaan Ahmad: heat.Erdem Ozturk: So I was wondering whether we could try another system where we could have more maybe low it maybe low quality initially but at low touch let's say not low quality so I would like to available more more like lower lower touch uh sales process as much as possible. We have a product in the CMS marketplace. So the product is promoted by CMS like very large company but they haven't in fact they would promote it but they haven't done it yet. So they will start soon. So and it's basically plugand it's like s service. They can just basically download it and start using the software next day.Hassaan Ahmad: What?Erdem Ozturk: For that I think we don't need to to do like a high touch sale. It's very self-explanatory, but we are not doing much on that at the moment because uh we have another product which is like high touch sales and I want to be able to sell the other product which is lower ticket.  
00:04:43
 Erdem Ozturk: It's about £1,250. Uh it's not very expensive for the manufacturing sector. I think people will be interested in buying that software but we are not reaching to the ideal customer profile with that software at the moment. When I saw your LinkedIn post or your company's LinkedIn post uh you were talking about productHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Erdem Ozturk: market fit I think we are close to product market fit for the other product which is more expensive but forHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Erdem Ozturk: the lower price product I don't think we have the product market fit yet because we are not really pushing it at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Um, help me understand before you go further uh further. So, this product on Seaman's Seammen's Marketplace that's your um what was the name?Erdem Ozturk: SNC Sansancy feeds.Hassaan Ahmad: SenseErdem Ozturk: So that's the first product lower ticket and then SNC finesse is the higher price uh product. It's more for enterprise sales to be honest. So we are working with with the enterprises for that. Uh but yeah I would like to focus on sensits initially.  
00:05:46
 Erdem Ozturk: Maybe we can do sensitiveness as well at some point. But yeah, initial thought process was is we have a low low touch sales process in theory but we are not doing much with it at theHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Erdem Ozturk: moment.Hassaan Ahmad: The fit product and finesse, are they both available through the seams marketplace?Erdem Ozturk: Uh in CMS marketplace it's onlyHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Erdem Ozturk: feeds perHassaan Ahmad: And that's £1250 per month.Erdem Ozturk: per year per for 12 months license.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Erdem Ozturk: But there is a catch there. uh it's basically running on the cloud. Uh I don't know if you are familiar with CMS uh products but they want to sell the tokens. So it's like a pay as you go model. So they can do 300 optimizations in 12 months but we know that some companies may spend that 300 optimizations in a month for example. So then they may need to spend 1250 every month if they use it. So the more they use it the more costly it will be.  
00:06:42
 Erdem Ozturk: So 1,250 for the 300 tokens initially but they may always buy extra 200 tokens uh if they they run out ofHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. Okay. So,Erdem Ozturk: tokens.Hassaan Ahmad: just so I can summarize, um, Sensy Fit is the product you want to focus on. That's 1250 on average per client,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but that's uh per token price.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, cool. How many customers do you have today?Erdem Ozturk: We have about 15 customers but those are using the other products.Hassaan Ahmad: That they're using finesse. Okay.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Well, um what's the difference between the two?Erdem Ozturk: So feeds is basically solving some problems like for example in machine tool breakage problems. Uh so fits is solving that kind of problems tool breakages. Finesse is solving also the vibration problems and for finesse we are the only company in the world I can honestly say that uh there's no company that solves the chatter vibration problems in the world so we are unique on that for feeds there are competing products so for feeds there is two or three competitors mainly in US uh they sell a competing product but their cost is really high like 10 20,000 starting point uh and they are requiring expert users.  
00:08:05
 Erdem Ozturk: Our solution can be used by any CAM programmer. So our unique selling point for feeds is it's easy to use. Anyone can use it and it's also cloud-based. So basically you just start buy it and then you can start using it in the in the next day or so or maybe next two hours. The other in the market are like on premise installations.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Erdem Ozturk: Basically you cannot have it straight away.Hassaan Ahmad: makes sense. And for anyone to use fit, do they need to be does the sale need to come through seaman's marketplace or is it agnostic?Erdem Ozturk: uh we it's only integrated into CMAS products. So it has they have to be a CMAS NX user. Uh they can reach to us as well. Uh we want to put the Sensi feeds on the website soon as well.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Erdem Ozturk: So if you look to the website, we are not selling on the website. Uh we want to put it on the website as well. But yeah, in theory at the m if you put our product on the website, they can come through our website or we can sell it uh through like a purchase order uh through our contacts.  
00:09:07
 Erdem Ozturk: At the moment, there are a few companies testing it, one in a Austria, one in the UK. Uh so if they buy it, for example,Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Erdem Ozturk: they won't go through the SIMS marketplace. They will just send us a a purchase order.Hassaan Ahmad: So it will be direct. Okay, good. What kind of revenue are you looking for? So what's your revenue goal for this product this year?Erdem Ozturk: So if we if we get like 200k for from that feeds that will be great like uh yeah if we get 200k that will be really good for thisHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Erdem Ozturk: year.Hassaan Ahmad: So, you need 160ish C. I'm going to share my screen with you um in a So, you're lookingErdem Ozturk: Yeah. It could be 160 or it could be like 50 customers and then they may buy it after afterwards becauseHassaan Ahmad: forErdem Ozturk: there's uh for example we were working with some F1 companies for finesse uh we are in the pilot stage they have 300 operations in one part so in fact in one week they can consume the 300 as well for high profile companies but yeah initially we would like  
00:10:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Erdem Ozturk: to basically have maybe my best guess is if you have 80 clients we can have I think uh uh 200 100k target.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Erdem Ozturk: It achieved that at 200k target because at this day they may buy one once more and then that that way.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Makes sense.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Does it matter to you where the revenue is coming from? Finesse or fit orErdem Ozturk: Uh feeds is there's no revenue at the moment. So I want to start it basically. Of course if for me at the end of the day for the company it doesn't matter revenue is revenue.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Erdem Ozturk: But yeah feeds I think it's a it's a very easy easy to sell low touch sale because at the moment our pain point is it's very high touch sale cycle takes long we need to do uh visits we go and to events but yeah I'm trying I I I'm basically interesting testing this low touch sales process for the feeds because the price point is not a lot like if you buy a cutting tool I don't know how familiar you are with the cutting tools but let's say it's just like cutting tools like a pen it's 200 pound.  
00:11:16
 Erdem Ozturk: If you buy a tool holder, it's maybe£5 500.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Erdem Ozturk: Like one tool, one tool holder 700 700. If that avoids basically one tool breakage in 12 months, they are basically get getting the return of investment like 1250 is really low.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. No,Erdem Ozturk: Also, I haven't mentioned it's also increasing the productivity as well.Hassaan Ahmad: IErdem Ozturk: So, it's not just two breakage,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Erdem Ozturk: it is increasing productivity too.Hassaan Ahmad: I went through your website and you've got some really good really solid proof points, right? So, 25% reduction in I think waste or productivity was one of the two. So, you've got good customers that I could pick from your website. You've got good proof points that we can use. So, the challenge that I'm hearing is um you just don't have a setting motion,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? So, you haven't been able to get in front of the right customers, the right people with the right message to get them through the door faster.  
00:12:06
 Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Is that aErdem Ozturk: Yeah. Yeah. Especially for feeds.Hassaan Ahmad: summary?Erdem Ozturk: Many people come to us because of this uh vibration mitigation solution because as I said we are unique there.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Erdem Ozturk: Uh but for feeds nobody's knocking our door saying that okay I want this product at the moment there there's one uh exception to that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Erdem Ozturk: So we were in uh Adamos marketplace which was an a marketplace that was closed now but for example this Austrian company came from that marketplace. they saw us and they wanted to give it a go and then yeah and then recently we had a Tata Aerospace like from India they reached out we'll have a meeting with them tomorrow so CMSHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Erdem Ozturk: is starting to work a little bit now but yeah I think it's not just through our efforts weHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Erdem Ozturk: have spent a lot of effort of course to put this product in the marketplace but I think I want to have a more proactive roleHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:12:57
 Erdem Ozturk: in promoting feeds companyHassaan Ahmad: AB: Absolutely. Okay. So, I've sold through partners before and I I don't trust them, right? I don't trust the process that I can't control because there has to be something in it for them in order for them to push their product. And the moment there's a competing product that comes into play,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: your entire business is just hanging by a thread. So, I like creating that redundancy and I like the fact that you're you're thinking about it.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Now um one question that comes to my mind and then I will share you know a bit about what is it that we can do and how we would approach it is from what you were describingErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: it sounds like fit is a basic light product right finesse adds the vibration protection or the chatter protection on top if we bring someone in through theErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: funnel right we could target them with finesse but ifErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: chatter protection is not interesting for them, then we can just say, "Hey, there's a right version of the product that you could get to." Does that work or am I missing something  
00:13:58
 Erdem Ozturk: Yeah. No, it's it's both it's both work.Hassaan Ahmad: here?Erdem Ozturk: But yeah, if you introduce finesse, usually they go to finesse. So again, he's like a second child.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Gotcha. Gotcha. Okay. So,Erdem Ozturk: But I think we need to be open.Hassaan Ahmad: you wantErdem Ozturk: I think we cannot say like we want you to buy this. At the end of the day, we need to solve their problems. whatever their problems. uh I'm just saying that we always focus on the uh finesse for we have some clients in finesse but I want to also have some clients that fits that may need feedHassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Erdem Ozturk: solutionsHassaan Ahmad: So the primary goal is create revenue obviously you know keep the company going.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The secondary goal and really high ranking goal is you've got a you've got this new product you want to create a market forErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: it. Okay makes sense.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, how familiar are you with Remote here?  
00:14:48
 Hassaan Ahmad: And would it help if I were to share some stuff that weErdem Ozturk: Yeah. I don't have any knowledge at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: do?Erdem Ozturk: I looked to it as I said last weekend, last week on Friday or something like that and then I booked those meetings because Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Erdem Ozturk: I think I read some of the things that you posted on LinkedIn. So that resonates well.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Erdem Ozturk: Uh that's what I can tell you.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Well, that's that's helpful. So, look,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um, some history. I was a seller for 15 years,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? And that's that's important, right? Because I was an I was a seller for 15 years,Erdem Ozturk: Sorry, I missed that bit.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Erdem Ozturk: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I've sold products everything from really complex softwares to pharmaceutical manufacturing pharmaceuticals etc etc. But I've been all I've been doing over the past 15 years is selling in one form or another.  
00:15:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right. So selling is something that I understand really really well. Yeah. One thing that I understood while I was selling was that knowing how to sell is not the most important thing, right?Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You've got to be able to bring people in through the funnel and then you can sell, right? And getting people in through the funnel requires, in my opinion,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: four things to be precisely correct. Yeah, you're a machines guy, so I think this will this will land well with you. But let me share my screen. Uh let me know if you can see it. So I've developed a framework called the four lens framework, right?Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And the four lenses of GDM framework is you've got to have four things in simultaneous focus in order for anything that you're doing in order to generate revenue to work. The first thing is your ICP, right? Who's your ideal customer profile?Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What do they look like?  
00:16:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um what keeps them awake? What pain they're experiencing? How do they talk about their pain and so forth? That's number one. Number two is you've got to create a message that takes thatErdem Ozturk: So, somebody's calling. I will just text them. Just one second.Hassaan Ahmad: exactErdem Ozturk: Okay. Sorry. It was important.Hassaan Ahmad: No, no worries. So, yeah. So, you've got to really understand who is your actual buyer, right? not the user, the buyer,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? So in this case, the user of your product is probably the machinist, right? But the buyer is not the machinist. The buyer is probably somebody who owns the budget for the machinist, their salary plus the machine salary, who's responsible for the waste budget and so forth. So that is that is your ICP.Erdem Ozturk: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Then you've got to take the message and you've got to talk to them and you've got to deliver yourErdem Ozturk: Yeah.  
00:17:33
 Hassaan Ahmad: products information in a way that appeals to them, that resonates with them. Right? So,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you read my net posts and you saw the um saw the ad, it resonated with you, right? Because I wanted it to resonate with you, right?Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the second thing that you've got to do. The third thing is you've got to be where they are.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You're already doing it by going to trade shows and so forth,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but you've got to be where they are consuming information, where they're browsing mindlessly, where they're actually speaking with people and so forth. So, that's your channel selection. And the fourth is you've got to execute properly. Right? The one thing to understand is every platform out there,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Seammens, LinkedIn, Meta, they exist to take your money one way or the other. Right? That's their business. The more money they take from you, the better their revenue is.  
00:18:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: So you've got to execute in a way that balances what they want.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So their outcomes that they're looking for with what you want, which is revenue. You strike that balance.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You get these four things right. Revenue becomes a consequence, right? the right people start coming in through the funnel. You're having the right conversations with them,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? That accelerates your sales cycle that um stops your team from wasting your time. So that reduces the number of touches that you're doing and ultimately revenue just becomes a consequence,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? You're just having doing that in enough volume that it just happens.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Do you agree with that? Does that resonate with you? Yeah. Okay, good. So in order to make this happen,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: what I've done is what Remoteier is is a partnership between sales. It's a I want to say it's a combination of my sales expertise.  
00:19:14
 Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I've got um a meta a partner from Meta who's really high on visual design who understands you know how to take complexity and break it down into simpler pieces so it appeals to millions of people. So he handles the message engineering and the channel piece. And then we've got a growth marketeer on the team, right? Whose job is to just stop LinkedIn from taking your money, right? Or stop all these platforms from taking your money. You've got to play the game. You've got to give them spend on the ads and so forth in order to bring the right people in. But we're able to do it in a much more efficient way because of this discipline thatErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we bring. Yeah.Erdem Ozturk: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So what our process is then we would spend if we start working together with you we would spend the first week or so really understanding your business right we've got some proprietary tech that we can use to research your business but then it would require a detailed onboarding  
00:20:02
 Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: call with you as well where we would seek to understand from you what makes your product special right um what objections do you hear who do you compete with we andErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: then we will take that away. We'll do our SWAT analysis. We'll understand what is the competitive veg that you have that we can build the entire narrative around. Once we take it,Erdem Ozturk: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: we will then put together some messaging for you, right? And that messaging is not it will not talk about your software.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It will not talk about how um technologically superior you are or how goodErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: your features are.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It would focused on the pain that the ICP feels. Right? So for example, we know that somebody who is in a position to buy your software needs to reportErdem Ozturk: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: to someone how much wastage their processes have generated week over week and so forth, right? So we would take those things and we would craft the message around it so that when they  
00:21:05
 Erdem Ozturk: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: are scrolling or when they come past it on wherever they are consuming the information, it just stops them, right? It gets them to click on the landing page to read the story to understand the narrative and then just execute the call to action. That is the entire thing that we're engineering here, right?Erdem Ozturk: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: But we're engineering it with a lot of precision so that you only get the right people in through the funnel and then we target only the right people. So we wouldn't go and we would target the machinist uh the head of the floor or somebody. we would target who we call the economic buyers, people who hold the budget, who have the authority to take the decision and who are feeling the pain.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's whatErdem Ozturk: But the person by that buys it,Hassaan Ahmad: weErdem Ozturk: I think, may not be the guy who's who has the pain. So that's what I'mHassaan Ahmad: but but that's the thing, right? So the pain they feel the pain one way or the other they pay for that pain.  
00:22:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: You know what I mean? how they either pay through an elevated materials budget or theyErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: pay it through they have to pay it through the um the salary that they're paying. So if they want to minimize the wastage they've got to pay somebody much higher to pay for the experience and so forth.Erdem Ozturk: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So they in one way or the other are exposed to it and that's who we target. We would target the machinist as well,Erdem Ozturk: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: right? Because as you know in an enterprise sale or in a B2B sale, it's not one person making the decision. Has to be two or three people.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: One of them who's the user, the other one's the budget holder and so forth.Erdem Ozturk: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So the message that we craft will speak to all of them but will be the primary target for it willErdem Ozturk: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: be the person who owns that pain. Yeah,Erdem Ozturk: Okay, that makes  
00:23:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: I will caveat this and I will I will be upfront and say we haven't worked in theErdem Ozturk: sense.Hassaan Ahmad: machining space before, right? But I wouldn't let that stop me because I'm going to show you an example where we worked with someone who had a really complex project uh product you can say which was an identity access management software that's your password manager and soErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: forth. This is what their website looked like and you can see it's features features featuresErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and so forth.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We started working with them and what we got to was this where we identified the one problem that was keeping their separate ICP or their specific ICP awake at night. We crafted the entire message that rewarded it entirely. Right? We don't talk about the product.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We talk about what the product does for them, what outcomes they can get from them.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And the success rate from this was that we were getting CXOs from large UK accounting firms at about $200 spent.  
00:24:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Per meeting. So that's what we do.Erdem Ozturk: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um is that in line with what you were hopingErdem Ozturk: Sorry,Hassaan Ahmad: for?Erdem Ozturk: I didn't get that. 200 per meeting. What? What?Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Erdem Ozturk: What's that? So, every meeting is going to be 200Hassaan Ahmad: So they Yes.Erdem Ozturk: pounds.Hassaan Ahmad: So they the ad spent that they were doing what we do is we we work on a retainer baseErdem Ozturk: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: plus you do the ad spend right so the 200 so forErdem Ozturk: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: £2,000 spent they had 10 seale meetings.Erdem Ozturk: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah. So in our case it's like 1,250 like 200 pounds of it is like how much? 20% of that roughly.Hassaan Ahmad: So, it wouldn't be So, it shouldn't be 1250 for you. Sorry. So,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: it shouldn't be 200 for you.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, their product has a much higher ticket price.  
00:25:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: So obviously you know um that 1250 was there but you've got to understand getting the right people in throughErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the door that's going to require some investment from you. Yeah.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The risk of doing this in another way is that you get a lot of volume which means there's a lot of people who want to test your product and you start wasting your time withErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: them but that takes time away from the people who actually want to buy.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So either way,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you're looking at a 5x return on investment, right? Even if you get them at 200.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah. So, one thing that I want to avoid as as I mentioned like I if needed we will of course meet with the client but it's like a marketplace product. So, they should be able to buy it without a meeting. So, that's what I'm trying to achieve. So that model may not fit to what we are aiming to achieve.  
00:26:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Erdem Ozturk: But maybe you can figure it out another way.Hassaan Ahmad: absolutely. Yeah.Erdem Ozturk: Uh forHassaan Ahmad: So, there can be a self-s serve um motion. That's what you're going for, right? What's good about your website from what I can see is that you have some good demos,Erdem Ozturk: yeahHassaan Ahmad: you have some good um what do you call it? Assets there, you have good case studies and so forth. What I didn't see was a trial motion. So, typically the way a self-s serve motion would work is that you bring people in through the motion thatErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I've talked about. Then you offer them a trial. The trial is self-s served. So,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: they whatever it is, you can decide how would you limit that trial in a way that is economically feasible for you.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: They do like a seven-day trial or a three-day trial based on a number of motions and so forth. And after at the end of that they have a decision to  
00:26:58
 Erdem Ozturk: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: make.Erdem Ozturk: Uh in CMS marketplace which I haven't mentioned there's also free trial option. So they either contact us or they purchase a free trial.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Erdem Ozturk: So they can do five operations uh free of charge. So they may not produce a whole part with five operations unless the part is very simple part.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Erdem Ozturk: But yeah it's just to give them like the feeling how the software works and then if they like it they should be able to buy it. So yeah, there's a trial option available in in the Sims marketplace. So we could have a landing page as you mentioned and then it may go to us directly to go to the tri as I said we don't have that web page at the moment to buy on our website but that's something we will do soon or it could go to the Sims marketplace initially and then they can do the free trial through the Sims marketplace.Hassaan Ahmad: I would like to make the web page ourself because that is a core part of the conversion funnel.  
00:27:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right? So when we do this for you, uh what would be included in the retainer is everything that we've talked about.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So we would do the entire research. We would craft the messaging, create the web page. We would manage that for you as well. We'd create the creatives,Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: whatever is needed to bring the people in through the funnel. Um, and we would take all of this off your hands.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The only thing that you would have to do is spend about two hours with us at the startErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: to teach us what we need to know about your product and your market.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um then we would add you to our Slack and you know we we'll send across the designs and so forth. So you would just need to tell them if you're happy with it and then you would have to just doErdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the ad ad budget which I think if you target about two grand in the month that should be okay that should be that should get you through.  
00:28:48
 Erdem Ozturk: Okay. So you mean like Google ads whichHassaan Ahmad: No. So, we would do LinkedIn ads because this is an education problem. You've got to educate the people that this problem,Erdem Ozturk: whichHassaan Ahmad: this solution exists, this problem is there and so forth. Google ads is not the right tool for it because one, it's very expensive and two, it requires people to be looking for exactly what you're doing. So, they need to have intent. And before we manufacture intent, we shouldn't go to GoogleErdem Ozturk: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: ads.Erdem Ozturk: I thought LinkedIn I I was told that LinkedIn is more expensive than any other platform. But yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: If you do it wrong,Erdem Ozturk: I don't I just heard it so I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: if you do if if you do it wrong,Erdem Ozturk: I don't have the experience.Hassaan Ahmad: then yes. Right.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Which is why we do so much focus on getting the story right and the narrative right and the targeting and so forth because the risk of LinkedIn taking your money is very high if you get it wrong.  
00:29:47
 Erdem Ozturk: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So I'm conscious of time as well. We've got one minute.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: WhatErdem Ozturk: So if you basically tell me like what will be the your proposal that makes that achieves what I said and then I can discuss it. If you give me something that I can discuss with the team, I think I will basically go and discuss it with the management team. We we have like four five people in the management team. So, we'll make a decision together.Hassaan Ahmad: Cool. Let me work on that. Let us get some time in the diary. Maybe end of this week or early next week.Erdem Ozturk: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we'll go through that together. If that works for you, then you can take it to your management team and uh see what what happens.Erdem Ozturk: Yeah. Friday maybe same time can work for me.Hassaan Ahmad: Friday. Actually, can we do 2 p.m.? Okay. I'm going to set aside 45 minutes because I'll walk you through the proposal. I'll help you understand everything and then answer any questions. Let's do 1:30 to 2:30 then. Okay, perfect. I'll put that in the diary and then let's speak on Friday. Amazing. Thanks, Adam. Bye-bye.  
Transcription ended after 00:31:16

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
