---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Shivoh Chirayil Nandakumar – 2026/03/13 10:29 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-03-13T12:14:27.505Z
meeting_date: 2026-03-13T11:25:38.329Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Shivoh Chirayil Nandakumar - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Sho, good morning.Shivoh Cn: Good morning.Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Shivoh Cn: Good. Good. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well. Thank you for taking the time.Shivoh Cn: Yeah, likewise. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: AB:Shivoh Cn: it's excited to hear more about the idea asHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Shivoh Cn: well.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, firstly, can I just say when I was doing my research, thoroughly impressed with what you're building. It sounds so, how do I say it? It sounds like it should have been done when the robots were first built,Shivoh Cn: Yes indeed it is.Hassaan Ahmad: but somehow it hasn't.Shivoh Cn: Um yeah I mean that that should have been the ideal uh path and it's it's fascinating like there is a lot of insights even now like um lastHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shivoh Cn: this week I was talking to like uh policy maker in Switzerland in Geneva and their organization is called like stop killer robotsHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: basically like she's lobbying the um the UN or like all the things to like figure out how to um mitigate the problems in these robots.  
00:03:07
 Shivoh Cn: And the thing is that we don't have a solution to understand when the robot is making a mistake. It's becoming increasingly important.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shivoh Cn: Uh I mean obviously right scans focuses on the civilian like infrastructure kind of things but it's a dual use potentially it can be applied to this kind ofHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Shivoh Cn: um like bad actors in some sense like they they just kill people but like nobody claims who they are killing in some senseHassaan Ahmad: And when I was thinking about it, there's literally a robot in now every single home. So, for example, I've got a vacuum that, you know, does the vacuuming itself, then I've got a car that drives itself. you know, I'm interacting with robots more and more on a daily basis and that's becoming our reality.Shivoh Cn: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: So, but fascinating and again mindblowing that nobody thought ofShivoh Cn: I I like I I was lucky in some sense because I was doingHassaan Ahmad: that.Shivoh Cn: a PhD in AI robotics like in 202122. Um so the I was initially focused on a specific different idea like um analy I mean improving the robots using AI but then um there was this incident in which like I was training an AI and the AI needs to like figure out like a box and then the robot dog with an arm.  
00:04:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: It needs to grab the box and then put it nearby another robot.Hassaan Ahmad: What?Shivoh Cn: Uh it's fully autonomous that means that there is no human intervention. So it's able to do that but sometimes instead of grabbing the box um it goes and grab like a table thinking it is actually grabbing theHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: box. So it's basically like confidently doing stuff even though it's wrongHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shivoh Cn: and uh we are I'm I'm observing it that's why I was able to stop it. So like what happens if nobody is observing it and um at that pointHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shivoh Cn: of time like I didn't had much real world evidence like I mean this is happening in the lab how do I know it's my mistake or the technical problems umHassaan Ahmad: IShivoh Cn: but I mean it happened in the real world as well like I mean in in 2023 uh in South Korea a human was crushed to death by a robot because it mistakes only thought human as a box of peppers.  
00:05:36
 Shivoh Cn: I mean industrial area but uh and like the thing is like asHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shivoh Cn: you mentioned like it's happening it's the more robots are emerging into the our own lives and with this kind of humanoids and things um like the vacuum is fine because it just don't have legs or arms to but um when it comes like more umHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shivoh Cn: physical systems and it can become increasingly potentially dangerous. I mean obviously technologically it's like a $1 trillion market and it's going to be there like it's going to increase but it's just that we need to make it safe. IHassaan Ahmad: AB: Absolutely. Absolutely.Shivoh Cn: meanHassaan Ahmad: So, Shu, I'm conscious of time and I know we booked 30 minutes. Do you have a hard stop or are you flexible?Shivoh Cn: um yeah I think we we can extend if ifHassaan Ahmad: Okay. All right.Shivoh Cn: needed.Hassaan Ahmad: So um what I or the way I typically run these meetings or run these calls is this call is about us to see if there is an alignment right but more so than that it is about you to tell me what is it that you well what got you curious enough to book some time and speak with us.  
00:06:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, what are you looking to get right? What's your revenue goals are,Shivoh Cn: Thanks.Hassaan Ahmad: what your targets are, and then if that is something that I can help with, then I can talk a little bit about what we do and how we would do it. And then if it makes sense, we can set up a longer call to go over that. Does that sound okay?Shivoh Cn: Yeah, that sounds perfect. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: So,Shivoh Cn: soHassaan Ahmad: yeah, let's uh let's maybe start with that. Um, what are you trying to or you know what got you curious and what made you get inShivoh Cn: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: touch?Shivoh Cn: I mean um I think I saw like a post on LinkedIn uh and then I explored the website and then I thought this is probably like something that would be useful for right scan at this stage. Um yeah like basically um yeah like the company started like in 2024 end towards end of 20 I mean exploring the commercials I mean I was mostly in the technical like direction but obviously as the company progressed I had to learn different skills.  
00:08:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: Um so I learned uh ne like all these um um some of the sales elements and then we have closed deals. Um but also in parallel I was like adding people into the commercial roles but sometimes it doesn't work like u and um also I mean when I look back it may be because right scan was not in the right place for them to come in because of the like lack of clarity in the system itself.Hassaan Ahmad: What?Shivoh Cn: uh but also because like they might I mean when you like take a very high position in the company they are responsible to drive something right so that's also anotherHassaan Ahmad: What?Shivoh Cn: element uh but then um we had two iterations of that like uh one from London business school and then another guy who have like build two companies um and at the moment uh I'm still leading the company I mean leading the commercials. Uh there is one sales executive who is more like umHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: um let's say um it's not full-time.  
00:09:22
 Shivoh Cn: He's more like helping some uh like some of the things um but not very fully engaged and I don't think he can be fully engaged because of his other commitments. Um so at the moment I'm still leading and we closed a deal like an enterprise deal like in in the UK with um customer who exactly know the pain like basically like they saw the robot fail in their area and they couldn't figure out uh in their softwarees and then they were able to like um pay money up front and start the process.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: So like we started that process like um uh integration like last month in in in this client. Um the challenge uh so the one paidHassaan Ahmad: You have one customer or or how many customers do youShivoh Cn: customer I would say like um who's like previously we had like one uh like when we startedHassaan Ahmad: have?Shivoh Cn: itself like there was a customer um it was in a different vertical and then we figured out that that vertical cannot scale or like that vertical is not something that will generate appropriate revenue considering lot of other factors.  
00:10:35
 Shivoh Cn: Um now so the customerHassaan Ahmad: Where? So, who's the customer and which industry is it?Shivoh Cn: is in nuclear decommissioning because they theyHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shivoh Cn: they value this kind of regulatory as well as compliance things. Uh the previous customer was in like um like robot in the mall like food delivery mall. And they like they was curious. They not likeHassaan Ahmad: Okay, that that confirms my thesis because when I came across this, two things came to mind. One was defense.Shivoh Cn: that'sHassaan Ahmad: Number two, um what do you call it man? Warehousing. So your Amazon Prime, your Okados and so forth, which have massive robot run warehouses. So that's where it starts making a lot of sense. So good. Okay. PleaseShivoh Cn: Yeah. Like I mean for for me the defense I'm not starting in the beginning because I need to make sure that this is moreHassaan Ahmad: continue.Shivoh Cn: like a scalable everywhere rather than like focusing on one specific  
00:11:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: And and is it a software or how how do you deliver like what does delivery entail?Shivoh Cn: uh it's a software like it's a uh on a on the core it's like an AI algorithmHassaan Ahmad: Got you.Shivoh Cn: um uh but it can be deployed in a cloud as well as uh on premise but ideally in the cloud. So like we can deploy it as an API so like somebody can access through the API and the API itself can be um used in multiple ways. So they can have like a dashboard where uh they can see the robots and all the APIs will be internally there. They can use the SDKs. So SDKs are basically like if if it's they're more technical can integrate into there and also like if you have like a direct partnerships um with the companies then we can like provide like API console so they can directly integrate with our own systems. UmHassaan Ahmad: gotcha. And um Okay, so one customer right now. Yeah.Shivoh Cn: so like one customer closed but obviously like there are multiple like in different verticals who are like curious some of them ask prices some like it's very I think for me the the the challenge at the moment is like a bit chaotic in some uh and also like um there is no defined process for following up as well as scoring each of them  
00:13:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: Do you have aShivoh Cn: like yeah I I um we got like the hub sportHassaan Ahmad: CRM?Shivoh Cn: um we got like the startup for hub sport and things for like uh it got a bit cheaper but I mean obviously it's not that cheapHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.Shivoh Cn: yeah but the challenge is that evenHassaan Ahmad: All right. That is helpful.Shivoh Cn: adding that into the hubport itself and like creating I mean we created something but I don't think that's the thing that is we try.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shivoh Cn: So that's a stage. Um and like for example like yesterday I mean even in today like this week um there are three companies uh one one of them is like in the top tier one selfdrying company in the US it's the torque robotics. I had a call with the engineer like the head of safety engineers and then they agreedHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: for initial cell drying pilot trial. Right? So we send the document. Now it's a matter of like I need to follow up like this has been this interaction has been like more than one and a half years like I've been talking with that advisor and this is the stage now where they introduced to their more higher team who agreed and the other guy was in robotic arm in the manufacturing sector in Spain.  
00:14:36
 Shivoh Cn: uh but the guy the company itself is actually developing a soft automation software for these industrial robots scan will be like an add-on to their software so uh so they can claim uh like their own validityHassaan Ahmad: Got it.Shivoh Cn: right and they agreed uh like uh they were um umHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shivoh Cn: we initiated the pilot I proposed the pricing and then I'm just waiting for them and Yesterday um there was this um company who are like integrators for this kind of a um hospital or like service sector robots like they he mentioned that before going for the what's the price because I think they are very sensitiveHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Shivoh Cn: to pricing. So um so um in theHassaan Ahmad: the price. What do you price that?Shivoh Cn: beginning I was um creating like a very standardized price but I realized that different verticals will have to be based on that vertical itself. So for example for the nuclear decommissioning I can like go really high but for the the the cleaning robots or like these  
00:15:52
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: kind of small service sector robots we have to be like really really low.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shivoh Cn: Uh for example for the for the nuclear we can charge up to like 2,500 pounds per robot per month. Uh um it it will continue to expandHassaan Ahmad: Okay. And how many robots do they have?Shivoh Cn: but uh at the moment two um and thenHassaan Ahmad: So, we've got five grand coming in. Okay. Good.Shivoh Cn: umHassaan Ahmad: So, um what I'm hearing so far is you're one person trying to basically lead the sales. You've got some support, but the guy is or the girl is fractional.Shivoh Cn: Listen.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm guessing junior as well. So they're they're just doing the tasks. In terms of the market traction, there's interest, but what you're struggling with is one a process and number two scaling that interest into something that basically frees you to do more technical stuff um and makes it more predictable, more scalable as the team grows.Shivoh Cn: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Is that a fair summary?  
00:17:07
 Shivoh Cn: Yes. And one more element is the since I'm in that fundraising like we raised some amount like last year but now it's much more defined race. So like the more uh structured pipelines or conference the investors will have in ourHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: systems.Hassaan Ahmad: Perfect. Shivo, that is all music to my ears. And uh that's precisely who I've built the offer for. So let me tell you what I do for that. Where are you from? I know you're from India, but where we're where from India?Shivoh Cn: uh Kerala.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. I'm from Pakistan.Shivoh Cn: Wow.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Shivoh Cn: My my master's thesis uh advisor from University ofHassaan Ahmad: yeah.Shivoh Cn: Glasgow fromHassaan Ahmad: All right. Amazing, man.Shivoh Cn: Pakistan.Hassaan Ahmad: That's uh that's really good. So, look, Shivbo, I've done sales for 15 years, right? I started off as, you know, as we do in well, I started off selling and building pharmaceuticals. So, I had a pharmaceutical factory in Pakistan.  
00:18:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: I was creating medicines. I was selling them and so forth. That got really good. My partner at the time, you know, he wanted to go different ways. We had some disagreements. So that went out of the window. Then I joined S&P. So I sold S&P as you know, is a ratings provider. So I sold financial products, ratings, data, APIs, um, data feeds, etc. for about six and a half years. Grew up to the point where I was managing their book of European businesses. Then moved from there to Moody's to help them build uh another data business. So did that. So well did that for four months and then pivoted into running their um Eastern European NCIS region across all products. So that was advisory, delivery of products, um, economic products, APIs, data, softwares, etc., etc. Then I moved to a company called Multiverse and then after that I was in my most recent role before Ramier, I was selling um, planning software to CIOS, CTO's, CFOs and so forth at an So that's who I am.  
00:19:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's what I've done. And the short summary of that is I've just sold in my life. Like that's what I do. Yeah. But I've had the privilege of working at really big companies and really small companies. But every single year that I've worked, I've sold into really big companies and small companies. Yeah. So what I understand really well is what makes the enterprise or the small and medium business buyer buy? How are they different from each other? what do they think about when they want to make a business decision and so forth and what I've now started doing with Ramoteier is and I've been doing this for a year now is taking that and applying that to really promising category leading startups byelves what what does that look like I come in at the ground floor basically where you are or you know thereabouts usually pre- series A um and then it depends on what how structured the startup is and what can I do for them right so in your case because you don't have a foundation so to speak of I would start at the foundation layer I well we can apply a CRM and you know that's okay yeah but my always my focus always is getting the story right so that's number one so understand who is the buyer and why they buy then get the story right so use the language that you they use and they talk about their problems in and then find 10 more buyers like them.  
00:21:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Prove that it works. So validate the story, validate the thesis. Why do I start there? Because that is the first thing you take to investors and say, "Hey, this is my market. These are the two customers that I'm closing. These are the five similar to them that I'm talking to and these are the hundred that I could go after if I had the funding." Right? This is the market opportunity. You do that across five sectors, 10 sectors. This is what builds that funding round and the investor excitement. So that's where I start. Second thing that I do then is structure that demand because you're a founder, but you are the person that everybody buys. Like even in your website, it's all about Shiva, right? Because you are the brains behind the business. So you would need to be involved in the first couple of sales. But my job is to reduce your involvement just to the technical element. I would do everything before that and everything after that.  
00:22:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: What does that look like? We'll find the people, get them in a room, get you in a room with them, run the whole thing. So you only talk about the tech. You talk about the vision and then I get you out of that room because founders sometimes sabotage the deals, right? They get so excited that they sabotage the deals themselves. I then do the follow-ups. I then do I then run the whole process all the way down to the proposal, right? Because I've done this for 15 years. I know how to make the proposals in a way that satisfies a business requirement, right? So, it's business case proposal. We do that that happy to present that to the board or whoever the investment committee is. Get the funding, get the sale, pass it on to the team. Um, the way I do it is, and I've done this for a long time, outbound very rarely works now for a small company that doesn't have any reference or anything like that.  
00:23:11
 Hassaan Ahmad: Outbound does not work. If I were right now to email the chief production officer or who head of warehousing whatever of Oko from Right Scan, they would ignore it because they're getting 100 emails like that every single day. What works is two things. Number one, establishing you as the authority, right? So you saw my post that got you curious. Now you're in a call with me. That's what I do for you. Yeah. I build your authority on LinkedIn. So you are in front of people saying the right in front of the right people saying the right things so they get curious and then they come to your website to learn a bit more about you. Right?Shivoh Cn: I don't know.Hassaan Ahmad: We do that at scale. So we target the right people at scale so that you know even if you're converting one to 2% which is a realistic mark every month you still have a very very healthy pipeline. Yeah.Shivoh Cn: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The second thing that we do is build the authority of the company.  
00:24:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: We would do white papers,Shivoh Cn: HHassaan Ahmad: we would do case studies, we would do thought leadership, we would do blogs, stuff like that so that when the person gets curious and comes to the website, they knows they they see how good your stuff is and they want to you. And number three is um get them to convert. So get them to take a call and then run them through the system. Yeah, that's the entire piece. I can visualize that for you as well, but it sounds like you're getting it. So, let me know if visual aid would be helpful. Obviously, that requires money, so I'm going to be upfront. It requires you to spend on ads. Yeah. The way I do it minimizes that ad spend to I think the minimum that you should be thinking about is 25 to three 2500 to 3,000 per month. That's on ads. Um and then my fee which is 3500 for this one for if I do the whole thing but you can tell me where you need the help.  
00:25:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: A lot of the founders like to start with the pipeline and the authority piece. So I build the pipeline, I do the authority, they do the sales and that's it. If you want to start there, that's on you, right? But if you wanted me to come in and set the foundations, do the whole thing, that's also for you.Shivoh Cn: I mean um yeah I mean uh like so when you mention regarding this foundation um like I think maybe like I I didn't explain like all the all the entire business knowledge I had for the last one and a halfHassaan Ahmad: ThatShivoh Cn: years trying like I mean we had like lot of iterations I mean like weHassaan Ahmad: wasShivoh Cn: went out with random like different target markets and and also different um type of buyers and like um we also um like I mean we got into like an accelerator in Silicon Valley um led by likeHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Shivoh Cn: a billionaire like Michael and um his advice is also like structure I mean in the beginning it was it it didn't make sense like why is he mentioning that I should look at this kind of target rather than the target that I'm But then like took me like 3 to four years I mean 3 to 4 months to figure out okay like yeah it makes sense like in a like into the structure.  
00:26:42
 Shivoh Cn: So basically like um I can mention like the current structure and then if you think that there is more iterations you can mention. So um we are targeting the uh robotic integration companies. So it's like a integration uh so for example companies who buy robots and then build like a automated solution and sell it to the enterprise. So these are the companies the middle companies who like who have established trustHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: with the enterprise whereas the uh OEMs andHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: the buyers like the company who buys right scan I will give the money is theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shivoh Cn: enterprise they got the money as well as they have the pain because they they need to make sure like which robot they are buying and which robot is more reliable and which one is failing right so because where all stuff depends on that. But since right scan is very small there is no way we can just go there and say that likeHassaan Ahmad: ofShivoh Cn: we are going to solve you everything right.  
00:27:54
 Shivoh Cn: So um but we can target theHassaan Ahmad: course.Shivoh Cn: integrators because um they also understand the pain.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: uh in fact like they are the ones who understand the pain rather than the enterprises because enterprises are oblivious to this pain which is happening in their systems pitching away allHassaan Ahmad: Well,Shivoh Cn: the money but the integrators when they integrate that's they know that exactly what's happening inside the enterprises so they they become the champion of right scan to sell to the enterp uh to sell to the enterprises the advantage withHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shivoh Cn: establishing ing partnership with OEMs is that uh we create credibility in that ecosystem uh that help theHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: integrator to close faster with the enterprises. Um so that pipeline is actually working in some sense because um the first customer that I mentioned uh we got the enterprise deal through the integrator. integrator championed right scan to the enterprise and uh theyHassaan Ahmad: Oh, nice.Shivoh Cn: they closed the deal and I I initiated the same structure for another customer I mean another vertical which is the um robotic manufactur like the manufacturing sector in in in the UK in in Scotland there's another integrator who Pommo robotics uh they are like  
00:29:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: No.Shivoh Cn: um focused on like robotic arms and things. So they they now champion us to the enterprises that they are selling to. Um the challenge is that um they are like already providing the solution at the cheapest rate. So any add-on is like bit friction but obviously in the long term it's useful for them.Hassaan Ahmad: No.Shivoh Cn: Um so like it's it's progressing well in a sense like they also um um initiated the an interaction with an enterprise in in in Scotland and this uh is a scalable structure because um like in in Japan I mean I went to Japan like 3 months ago. I met an integrator in Japan. I talked to them. I mean they were using the same robots that here like the this integrator is using the Boston dynamics. They were in the same enterprise sector.Hassaan Ahmad: Hello.Shivoh Cn: So I talked to them and it we found that actually they already know the enterprise integrator in in the UK. They are already partners. Uh so it's um and the way the and it shows  
00:30:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shivoh Cn: like they they showed interest in me similar to the UK integrator show interest in me. It's a early hypothesis that this kind of integrator channel can be expanded internationally.Hassaan Ahmad: No.Shivoh Cn: Um and also the same in the European sector. Um along with that um as I mentioned partnership with the OEMs is essential to accelerate the credibility.Hassaan Ahmad: So justShivoh Cn: So um we hopeHassaan Ahmad: understanding then the OEM is the robot manufacturer, the integrator is the middle party and then the enterprise as as you're saying it is the end customer.Shivoh Cn: yes.Hassaan Ahmad: So the person the company using the robots.Shivoh Cn: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Shivoh Cn: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: Perfect. Um yeah. Okay. ContinueShivoh Cn: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: please.Shivoh Cn: So uh I have initiated the partnership with uh top robotic arm companies like the Kuka Fenuk. Fenuk is like the Japanese company. Cucka is like German. Um I met the like high like the CEO in the Fenuk and then like engineering like sales team in the UK for KUKA and then he like they're coming to Edinburgh to like show their software so we can show like how we can integrate into their systems.  
00:32:11
 Shivoh Cn: Um and we already integrated our system into a um Danish uh collaborative robot TCOM company robots. Uh so basically now it's like a plug and play for right scan like you can just integrate it um andHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shivoh Cn: then we can deploy for the UR robots. So there is like the that kind of a partnership being established in these um verticals. Uh and the as I mentioned integrated channel is the ideal center for at least 3 to four years. That's my current strategy. Um and enterprises are the end users who will like buy the system. Um and um like the challenge I'm facing is that um the the channels that I mentioned um it's a very long sales cycle for each of these sectors and um even if I even when I created the hub sport stuff like I just added all the all the interactions in a same like pipe. Um, and the other guy that I mentioned, the sales guy, he's trying to figure out like creating like three lanes and things.  
00:33:37
 Shivoh Cn: Um, but it's uh and and so like what I'm trying to say is like there is some structure that I learned through the last one and a half years. But what we need is basically like a I really like the structure that you mentioned like all the things that I mentioned is like um random scattered interactions that happen to have like some movements. But uh I think the way you created like the um like funneling to the system sounds um really good.Hassaan Ahmad: Good. So, what you've described, Shibbo, is what we in the space called alliances. Yeah. So, you've got channels, right? You've got your direct channel, you've got your alliances, you've got multiple different channels. So, you've activated the alliance channel, which is amazing. It is one of the hardest things to do. Done it. Amazing. So, we'll accelerate that. Um,Shivoh Cn: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: what I've always found with the alliances is you're relying on someone else to make the sale for you. That works good till your interests are aligned.  
00:34:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: But the moment they aren't, they'll just go to someone else. So as a salesperson I you'd find that to be true for a lot of the sellers. We are obsessed with control of the entire thing. Yeah. So alliances are really good.Shivoh Cn: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Alliances are a twofold problem. The first one is education. So the first thing you said was they are competing on a very competitive basis already.Shivoh Cn: Yes. UhHassaan Ahmad: that when you go in and they you're an add-on to their um their offer, they their margins are compressed, which compresses your margins and so forth. So, it's an education thing for them, right?Shivoh Cn: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: The way we work with alliances is to educate them on how to sell to the enterprise and how to justify the value to the enterprise. So even if they're not the cheapest solution, they're one of the most expensive ones. How to sell on the value so that the enterprise says okay this is the solution I want to go with.  
00:35:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So one one challenge is the education. The other one then is actually working with them to retain control of the cycle. Yeah. If they go into an enterprise and they using your technology they price up their thing by 10,000 and you're only getting 2500. I take that as an insult you know like I I just take that personally because well it should be fair man right so it's it's helping them in the sales cycles as well um to retain control but also to make sure that they represent you in the best light.Shivoh Cn: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So yeah, absolutely, man. Alliances, I think you've hit the nail on the head. Given your scale, it's smart to rely on alliances as the initial channel. What I think you should also do is start educating the enterprises on your existence. Yeah. So that when an enterprise goes to market with a tender they are they they already have in their minds that they want the robots to not make mistakes. So, however you describe your solution, when they put that in as a tender requirement, as one of the requirements core non-negotiables in the RFP,  
00:37:16
 Shivoh Cn: M.Hassaan Ahmad: the integrator has they're forced to come to you. When they come to you, you control the conversation. Yeah. So, it's do do you see that now?Shivoh Cn: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: You're going to them and you're like, "Please sell my product." And you're educating them. But if the RFP says the successful party must demonstrate that the margin of error is going to be 0.001% or whatever you're promising, then they have to find someone and promise that, right? Who can help them deliver that. That puts you in a position of power.Shivoh Cn: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Make sense?Shivoh Cn: Okay. I mean so like I mean it makes sense like it's basically like educating the market because market doesn't exist in someHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's that's the first thing that I would start off with.Shivoh Cn: sense.Hassaan Ahmad: The market doesn't know right scan right now. The market doesn't know you. So, they have to know you. Um, as you also alluded, the market has normalized the pain.  
00:38:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: There's some normal level of error tolerance that has already been baked into every single planning process, every single construction process, every every single process. Your job and the challenge that we have is to educate the market that that is costing a lot of money, costing lives, that is elevating the risk profile and there's a solution in the market that reduces that risk profile. Yeah. So that's the education piece. Then it's linking that solution to your name. Right? So we've got a solution description. Now we we've got to give it a name. So we do that. Then we've got to make it easy for the market to find you. Yeah, that's that's the process. Um, I know we've been talking for about 40 minutes. So, it sounds like there's a lot of alignment here.Shivoh Cn: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: What would you need for me from me to explore this further? Where where's your head at?Shivoh Cn: Um yeah, I mean like um I think uh like there are two elements like one is the  
00:39:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: planningShivoh Cn: uh like marketing structure like creating that marketing strategy and the other one is like uh organizing the sales pipeline. So yes,Hassaan Ahmad: execution.Shivoh Cn: um yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shivoh Cn: like I mean I could see the value and I'm trying to figure out like um the the mechanism for engagement.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, talk me through it. What are you thinking?Shivoh Cn: Um like I need to um like I need to see some element of value like uh to to make like much more deeper commitments because um yeah like I think that'sHassaan Ahmad: Mhm. Yeah.Shivoh Cn: theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Look, it's that's that's a fair thing. What initial value? So, what's the quickest what's the MVP that would show you that there's something here?Shivoh Cn: Yeah, basically like um I mean this is more like a feeling than the other one. Like it's more like okay I should feel like okay there is this system is making my life a bit more easier than before I met the system.  
00:41:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. And how so where where's the biggest pain that you have right now? Is it the followup that you said or is it actually finding more people to talkShivoh Cn: I uh like I feel like I'm I'm I'mHassaan Ahmad: to?Shivoh Cn: finding like a lot of interesting people to talk to um through like different channels,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shivoh Cn: different peoples. It is just that um obviously obviously there's more and more people. I mean that's for sure. Um but I think it's at the moment the hardest is like I mean um there is I mean I I've been trying to create that market like in like education like randomly but there is no structure for that educational set element. Um the other one is the um um the hub sport stuff like that's that's getting bulkier but there is no like value generated from thatHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shivoh Cn: bulk.Hassaan Ahmad: How committed are you to HubSpot?Shivoh Cn: Um I feel like it's a very goodHassaan Ahmad: I mean,Shivoh Cn: system.  
00:42:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: it is a good system, but how committed are you?Shivoh Cn: I'm not committed inHassaan Ahmad: It's a good system, but it's built for bigger companies than yours.Shivoh Cn: someHassaan Ahmad: That's that's the thing. There are better solutions out there which are well much simpler. So, look, I understand where you're at. So, here's what I'm going to do for you if we do this. The first month that you and I start working together, I will take two things off your plate immediately. The first is the education piece. Yeah. So, we will start giving you content to post from your LinkedIn, start pushing it out there. The sooner we do that, the the the more the wheel compounds, right? I can show you some metrics um to show you exactly what that looks like. But the proof is you saw a post, not an ad, and you're talking to me, right? That's that's all the proof that you need. That's the first thing that I would do.  
00:43:18
 Hassaan Ahmad: The second thing simultaneously is look at the current CRM structure, see how messy it is and then give you a verdict on whether it can be saved or is it worth us just ripping it and replacing it with something cheaper, better, more agile, simpler to work with. We work with a lot of tools. So I've I've got massive familiarity with all of the CRM. Well, all of the main CRM. So, I I'm in a position to recommend which one. But a CRM is a chart of records. It's as good as the structure that you put behind it.Shivoh Cn: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we could start doing that straight away once we identify, you know, what where that value is. And as a direct byproduct of that process, we would know if there are things in your current CRM that are worth revisiting. Yeah. So we'll find out any any person that you haven't talked to that show interest, anyone that you are talking to but the thing hasn't moved etc etc and we can come up with a strategy on what is it that we can do to activate all of those relationships again right accelerate the conversations that you're having and um close the ones that you're currently in. Yeah, you can bring me into the sales processes that you have right now more than happy to run with it straight away.  
00:44:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: It will be me running it by the way because your problem is it's technical. It's selling to a technical audience and it's high value and that's the kind of stuff that I really get excited about. So, you know, I would do that. That's what I would do in the first kind of four to six weeks depending on how much data you have and so forth. From six week onwards, what you should find is that I'm in more sales calls than you. you. I'm only pulling you in when there's a need for you to be in the call. Yeah, you get a report from the CRM or through me on Slack, whatever the status of each opportunity. So, you can trust that things are getting taken care of while you're actually building the product that's getting people excited. Yeah. Around the 3 month mark, the work that we would start in month one, so the authority building, the content and so forth, that will start paying dividends. you would see that there's a lot more people who are engaging with the content that you're pushing out.  
00:45:41
 Hassaan Ahmad: You're getting a lot of engagement on your posts. You're getting inquiries from interested parties and so forth. That starts happening around month three because you've really got to push the envelope on some of these things. Um, and that then accelerates. So that lowers every single month that passes, it lowers the cost per interaction. Right now, if it's going to cost you £500 to get into a good meeting, and by good, I mean it's with someone who's qualified, who has the authority, who has the need, and who can actually move the needle. You would find that the cost by that starts going down. Yeah. So,Shivoh Cn: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: that's the way I would work. That's going to be my 90-day plan for you. If after 90 days you think that you know you're better off bringing in someone time to do it, I'd gladly hand over the keys to you. Yeah. Because the CRM you would own, the authority, you would own the content that I would build, you would own, everything would be owned by you.  
00:46:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: Train the person and you are. So there's going to be no lock in beyond that.Shivoh Cn: Yeah, I mean um all this sounds good. Uh I think uh what you can do is like um can send me the proposal like the entire system. Um I will have to make a decision either now or like after the fundHassaan Ahmad: Okay. When's the fundShivoh Cn: raise and we are aiming to close like this month.Hassaan Ahmad: raise?Shivoh Cn: Obviously there are lot of negotiations happening as well asHassaan Ahmad: What are you raising?Shivoh Cn: um uh we haven't finalized I mean there is like a moving average I would say but um yeah it'sHassaan Ahmad: That's going to be a seed seedShivoh Cn: it's yes uh like yeah seed roundHassaan Ahmad: drum.Shivoh Cn: um I'll be going to Silicon Valley like in two days like 3 days there are someHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shivoh Cn: potential investors and like engagements there as well Um but yeah, like I think um I'm aiming to close, but um obviously like the the funding might take like one one month.  
00:47:55
 Shivoh Cn: Um but if you have like the entire process structured ready then I think I can even add it into the data room explaining like look like we are ready to like execute in that sense.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, sure. I can do that. Um, is that is it just you who has to make the decision or do you like who would have the final call on this?Shivoh Cn: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shivoh Cn: it's me.Hassaan Ahmad: Is there a board or somebody that you would need to discuss this with as well orShivoh Cn: There is no board but like I have advices I might ask uh opinion.Hassaan Ahmad: good? Yeah, it's it's helpful to know because I whatever I create,Shivoh Cn: UmHassaan Ahmad: I'll create it with the audience inShivoh Cn: yes. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: mind.Shivoh Cn: Then I think um so we have this advised like one is Michael Bum. So that's like X Splunk or basically he's the CEO of the Splunk forHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Shivoh Cn: many years and he exited his company for like $28 billion.  
00:48:56
 Shivoh Cn: And then there's like another advisor in the US itself like securely like he was a company I mean he built that company securely and um exited for like 30 no 30 like 300 million. Um and then there is another guy in Spain.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shivoh Cn: He's also deep tech um advisor as well as investor um he exited his technology company for 200 million and he's like actively introducing me to like really exciting partners. So um yeah I would potentially asking them as well like just to get an opinion so youHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Shivoh Cn: can plan in that way.Hassaan Ahmad: of course. Okay, that sounds good. So, if I'm understanding correctly then and uh Yeah. Okay. So, you need a proposal from me um with the 90day plan. So, what we would do in what way? Is there anything else that you want in that proposal that might be helpful?Shivoh Cn: Yeah, like um I think um the 90day is good, but you can also like provide some kind of a long-term plan in in there like obviously 90  
00:50:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shivoh Cn: days like more like acceleration period and then um the the rest obviouslyHassaan Ahmad: Sure.Shivoh Cn: They would definitely want someone like full-time in the company as weHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Look, my thing is not designed to be full-time.Shivoh Cn: progress.Hassaan Ahmad: It's not sustainable. So, it's just to get you to a point where it makes sense to bring in 150k person in and,Shivoh Cn: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, let them run thisShivoh Cn: Yeah. Like so basically uh you can create the um and then the long-term and also um some element of quantification. Obviously these are like very like I understand the like sales system and you understand that this is like a long salesHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Shivoh Cn: cycle like this B2B currently the red skin and stuff um so like trying to create some kind of quantification would be good for them to like orHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shivoh Cn: I don't know exactly what they are expecting for me likeHassaan Ahmad: So,Shivoh Cn: umHassaan Ahmad: on that Sha, I'm going to be honest with you.  
00:51:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: um I do not have enough information to quantify hard revenue numbers right because I for that I need to understand what's your sales cycle is what is a typical sales like that requiresShivoh Cn: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: a lot of investment for me to come up with that thesis on what is it that it could be yeah so that's something I'm happy to engage in yeah and I can work with you on that but as of right now the only thing I know is you're selling it at 2500 but that you said is the top tier So I don't know how many robots somebody might have and so forth. And because I don't know that I it's it's just going to be difficult. So what I can do is I can quantify the top of the funnel stuff. So what can you expect? What would that look like? I can go into the process of it and that will give them the information that they have and then if they have questions more than happy to have a conversation with them.  
00:52:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: I do it all the time. SoShivoh Cn: Okay, good. Yeah, I mean I think that should be enough. like um but yeah like I mean I think this is really good um I think this is the right time um so um obviously I cannot like make decision today itself but like I think this is I think this is a good engagement um obviously um there's alignment um I don't know like IHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Shivoh Cn: mean you can you can send me the document I'll um start the interactions with the team and figure out when is the I can I should be able to make decision soon but obviously um I'll take some advice from theHassaan Ahmad: Are you able to have a call on you? You you said you're going to states soon.Shivoh Cn: uh yeah I'll go next Monday I mean I'll be there next Monday and then till um 25th Fifth.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Are you able to have a call next Tuesday or Wednesday, which is the latest I could do?  
00:53:17
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, afternoon hour time, which should be let's say 400 p.m. our time. I think that's going to beShivoh Cn: And next week I think I'll be like in there and that's bit it's it's going to be a bit chaotic like a lot of meetings and stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: okay. When can you have a call?Shivoh Cn: I think the next ideal would be 26thHassaan Ahmad: 26. So what I would like to do is I walk you through that plan and proposal with you together.Shivoh Cn: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: We discuss it in like an hour meeting and then you can take it away,Shivoh Cn: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: discuss it with whoever you need to make a decision. Okay?Shivoh Cn: Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: So time on the 26th works for you.Shivoh Cn: that's so for 26th um I'm free at 12 and then after that atHassaan Ahmad: 12:00 p.m.Shivoh Cn: uh two.Hassaan Ahmad: or 2 p.m. Okay,Shivoh Cn: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: let's go for 2 p.m. Then I'll drop that in your diary now.Shivoh Cn: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay, this is pretty fascinating and exciting.Shivoh Cn: Great.Hassaan Ahmad: I think you have brilliant products.Shivoh Cn: Okay. And also like thank you and if you have like any doubts you can send emails before like as you are drafting the proposal. Um that's all. Thank you.  
Transcription ended after 00:55:19

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
