---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Fuseable x Remotir - Sync – 2025/10/06 13:07 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:37.664Z
meeting_date: 2025-10-06T13:03:18.608Z
---


Fuseable x Remotir - Sync - Transcript
00:00:00
 Rehan Ahmad: gentlemen.Hassaan Ahmad: Hello. Yeah. How about Nice.Adeel Khan: How comeRehan Ahmad: It's all done. Any word?Adnan Khan: remote here, man.Hassaan Ahmad: We redefine professionalism boys.Adeel Khan: work work and work?Adnan Khan: Oh man, are your are your ads alos messing up again?Adeel Khan: Not constant.Adnan Khan: You just miss out, man. You just miss out end.Adeel Khan: No, definitely not. Definitely not.Roland Hangyas: Hey guys, it was it was good.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, Roland.Adeel Khan: Iron. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: How's your weekend, Roland?Roland Hangyas: Um, it was good. Our our in-laws left Monday morning, so it was a very it was a very Mondaylike Monday.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Nice.Roland Hangyas: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Where were they visiting from?Roland Hangyas: Yeah. Um about three kilometers away, believe it or not, but they just um you know, they they usually come over to have a very what how do you put it?Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Roland Hangyas: Like a like a good advice session, you know, when parents try to pass their wisdom on to the younger generation.  
00:02:04
 Roland Hangyas: So, it's one of those visits. It was just very fitting for Monday morning. So, uh something kids related.Hassaan Ahmad: Now you've got to share with us what was the wisdom.Roland Hangyas: I don't know. They always give us some tips and tricks about how to raise kids, but I Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I could use that these days, man. My kid is two years old and he's just in the phase where his default is no what's the question kind of situation and yeah like everything you say to him he wakes up in the morning you're like hey and he's like no and that's how our day starts everybody He's learning his boundaries early.Roland Hangyas: Yeah. Does he say that to you or does he say it to the both of you? Everybody. Yeah, that's good. He'll be a good leader when he grows up. So, yeah, they need to learn how to say no at a very young age and then hopefully they can keep saying no. But anyway, no, it'll it'll get better.  
00:03:04
 Roland Hangyas: that that's what they told us and that's what I tell everyone. So, it'll get better.Hassaan Ahmad: How the opportunities progressing that you got from I think it was uh the 203 that you got think of theRoland Hangyas: Um, yeah, one of one of them was um yeah, the lady the lady who she came by one of the campaigns, she was basically 90% sold on Kubern.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Roland Hangyas: So, that was eventually a no. And I think there were two other ones that we're still chasing um on. So they're still they're still ongoing.Hassaan Ahmad: And I the one that I was really interested in was where two people from the same I think it was like a fund that they had um come from. Don't remember. Let me see. Yeah. Radiant capital. Did that come through us? An accurate mute.Roland Hangyas: pos possib possibly did. Uh does itHassaan Ahmad: You're on mute. Can't hear you.Nicholas Clarkson: No wonder. Yeah, sorry. Don't quote me on that.  
00:04:38
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um, not that you heard me. Um, I don't know. They sent me an email, so God knows I I'd have to I'm talking to them this week, so I'll ask them how they found us.Hassaan Ahmad: Interesting. Okay. All right.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, sometimes it we've like Gartner found us and a few others where we put in hashtags in our posts and they've searched for that hashtag.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah, sounds good.Nicholas Clarkson: So, you know, I'll find out.Hassaan Ahmad: Please do record that conversation. Reason I'm really interested in that one is because it's a different kind of profile than what we've been targeting. Um, if they saw the ad, they would have seen it through the groups that we're targeting.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: But because it's uh radiant capital their investors they're like you know um funds that would be really interesting for us to see how that conversation progresses where they see the challenges because at the next step what I would like to do is do a landing page for funds next funds and real estate investment trusts or institutional investors and so forth.  
00:05:40
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, yeah, that's two or three weeks down the line, but let's stop and look up to that.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. We're not far removed from that. I mean, Vadium, I think, is purely from an investment perspective. So, we'll see what they say, but they they happen to have invested in M. You guys had a mural. Murals like a whiteboarding visual canvas tool.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So, they they obviously like this type of technology, should we say.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, one of the things that's really interesting from a fund perspective is how the payouts are structured because obviously you have your GPS and your LPS and then you have the investment committee and so forth, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Um, anyway, that's Yeah, I don't think he's a customer, but um I'll find out where they came from.Hassaan Ahmad: And everybody has a carry in in those um organizations. And as the transactions take place, that carry structure gets one harder to track and two gets more and more interesting because you know when transactions take place obviously that corresponds with increase in valuation and so forth.  
00:06:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: And my hypothesis is that having an ability to track that at scale through fund, through practice, through uh you know partner, through GP, through LP like that's going to be amazing. Um and Mirror is not a great technology. Yes, there are tools out there, but mostly that's done on Excel. It's highly highly confidential because payouts can be tens of millions, sometimes more.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So I think that might be a sweet spot.Nicholas Clarkson: In terms of Radiant Capsule being a client, you mean you mean in terms of them being a possible client?Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry. in terms of this kind of organizations and this kind of use case being a sweet spot for uh for fusible because essentially what you're doing is you're giving them the ability to not only track your entire investment universe so to speak also highlighting you know who owns what and where so those intercomp relationships so if let's say you are a costl ventures, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You're investing in 10,000 companies and you have 10,000 GPS.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.  
00:08:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: You want a really quick way for your GPS to know where they're invested, what are the obligations, what are the limitations, and so forth.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, it is.Hassaan Ahmad: And I think that today that's quite hard to do.Nicholas Clarkson: I think one of the things we've seen there is that sometimes they just go, well, we put money in and then we just it's we're owner investors, right, versus owner operators. And they some people take the view, I don't really care.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: you know there's a loan in there's a structure and that's that I don't touch it others take a a more uh and this is how the world is evolving you should really know what you're involved with and those they say but if they if they feel like they just well that structure's done and everything below is irrelevant then they um they tend to sort of back off and go well that would be nice but I'm too busy you know Um yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. I don't think it's it's more of a Black Rockck like Black Rockck is an institutional large scale investor, right?  
00:09:12
 Hassaan Ahmad: It's not an IM tool. It's more of a VC PE family office kind of tool. And if we can find out what that sweet spot is and what actually is the is the trigger for them to look at something like this, we can we canNicholas Clarkson: I think that's absolutely that I mean that is the reality and this is why PE is sort of failing a little bit right they bought a load of stuff and they don't really know what they own and it's all sitting around with different systems and it's like get a grip guys you don't really know but that that's a bit of an educational piece it's a hard cell and we often have people go yeah this is brilliantHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: if I had the time I would use you guys but that's the because it's so big you you're talking about several thousand companies.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: They don't even have access to all the data. So, they wouldn't even know where to begin. So, you know, that's probably a comeback round to versus fund administrators who for sure have a problem.  
00:10:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Well, many problems and we're trying to address all of them in turn. Anyway, that I mean I I totally agree. Um it's just we found it's the hardest seller. They love the idea and they said if I was starting from zero this is what I would do but I'm too busy so I'm not um leave me alone.Hassaan Ahmad: Let's let's brainstorm that a little. I might have a few ideas on how to unblock that.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. But um for the purpose of this call, should we take a start with the performance? Do you want to take us through that? Actually, Nick, do you did you get a chance to look at the video that Adil shared last week?Nicholas Clarkson: I did. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Thanks.Hassaan Ahmad: So, not sure if any anything has changed since then. It's not enough time. So, Nick, did do you have any questions? Did you have any concerns? Thoughts of that?  
00:11:13
 Nicholas Clarkson: Uh, no. I mean, I'm still trying to understand how it all works myself, right? And I suppose in my head is already jumping. Well, we've got a new finance landing page, which I think P has basically done. new new audience, new approach that loops in tax which we've you know we've established is quite a compelling angle. So yeah, we've been pointing everyone to a legal landing page and I think now adding a second landing page is good. Um so yeah, I think to be honest I think it's live.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: It's if you look if you it should be live. Yeah. So there's we can we can basically look at the audiences now.Adnan Khan: It flatters.Nicholas Clarkson: Um and crack on. See,Hassaan Ahmad: I think it might be well there's a couple of steps for us to go through that before we start looking at who's coming there. So, do you want to take us through through your doc um talk about the milestones and the approach that we're going to do and you know where where we expect to be this week versus next week?  
00:12:18
 Adnan Khan: Yeah, let's do it. Um, pull it out.Nicholas Clarkson: before we do that, I just um this is a slight side topic. We're um the new website will be launching. It might even be ready today and you know we've got these we've got these functional pages. So it's fusible finance fusible legal fusible M&A. What I think given the fact the new homepage is doing a better job you know it's got ro based perspective that to me is pretty much serving all the corporate functional areas. So therefore, why do we need to go off and spend days doing, you know, forward slash finance slashlegal when that message is articulated through the homepage? Plus, we've got a landing pages which is, you know, more uh cutting uh language. And so the only second page we would do is the fund administrators advisory firm. So it's corporates, you all get this and then advisor and and and then we focus more on the governance trust trust pillar two and we use those assets with the landing pages to really pro probe people ask questions.  
00:13:25
 Nicholas Clarkson: So like stripping our our web copy down so we don't have just endless we say the same things over and over again and people get lost, you know, we don't need to do that anymore. I I don't think but I just wanted your sense of if you think that's true. Um because the forms are on all different pages. The copy has to re-review. We have to design new assets. It's just a nightmare. Why? We've got a good homepage. Maybe that's that should be enough. UmAdnan Khan: I can go first. I am actually of the view that we should test the homepage with uh whatever campaign we launch next. I actually think we did some good work on it. I think it's worth taking a stab with the homepage and seeing seeing how it stacks up against some of the existing metrics weNicholas Clarkson: Okay. But you would Sorry.Adeel Khan: I agree.Nicholas Clarkson: Go ahead. I do Okay.Adeel Khan: Yeah, I agree.  
00:14:22
 Adeel Khan: We should test out the home page with some like dump for that because if we if we for example we we're never targeted, right? But even if we track somebody else, oh, they just combine in rather than them thinking, oh, it's just for NEO or it's just for finance, whatever. So, it'll be a good test to run asNicholas Clarkson: But you think because it's right now it's homepage SL homepage and then forward slashlegal M&A slash finance. I'm proposing we get rid of those other three pages. We will do a fund administrator page which talks about multi-organizational workspaces. But the homepage now given you can do role based perspectives is sort of doing what the four pages in one do anyway. You know whether we you want to redirect that uh you know your campaigns to that. The the only question I'd have there is because we've got our own campaigns as well. how I presume you can track what's coming from your stuff versus what's coming from ours like um or or not. I don't know.  
00:15:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: M just so I'm understanding correctly is the question that we have the homepage and no landing pages so no finance.Nicholas Clarkson: No, no, no, no. Keep keep the landing pages.Hassaan Ahmad: Got it.Nicholas Clarkson: Maybe I'll I'll show you um So, we have um this is what it is right now, right? But you go here and you've got legal teams and we say more or less the same stuff, right? And you go to finance and we say something just slightly different, right? But it's like the new homepage, which you guys have seen, um uh is sort of doing the job of all of those in one. So, we don't need we don't Yeah. I don't know what the the URL is. Do Do you follow me?Adnan Khan: Just type 4.0. It might actually show up in your uh in your URL bar. Just type 4.0.Nicholas Clarkson: UhHassaan Ahmad: So, I've got a different angle. that I would like us to discuss with these pages. Is it not better from a search engine indexing GPT indexing point of view if we have multiple pages specifically talking about so yes we have one page that talks about finance etc etc we have a finance specific page  
00:17:03
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: which the search engine may pick on but that just um helps with your positioning on Google it helps with how likely the GBTs are to pick up information because you don't know what they would pick So my thought and my question to the group here is what's the harm in keeping the pagesAdnan Khan: I I don't I don't think we should get rid of the pages. I I think it was more to suggest like the next ad campaign we run, let's run it against the homepage and see what metrics we get. I think from like the landing page perspective, absolutely agree, we should keep them likeNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I think they're great. Yeah, that that's not my my my case cuz it's just we we're just too busy. Way too busy. And it's like now I've got to go on their finance page, legal page, right? They're all old. They look crap. You know, we've got depending on whoever you are here, it can tell you how it's for you.  
00:18:02
 Nicholas Clarkson: So why do we need those pages? Because we can put, you know, we can focus on advisory firms and corporates use cases because the corporates are all captured by the homepage copy. um you know here it would say take the governance stress test and you'll go and do uh type form questionnaire I think the job is effective enough just just through that because I know it's easy to say oh have a finance page have a legal page have an M&A page right that's several days work which I just I'm like you know it just kills me I don't think we need it if you followAdnan Khan: I think prioritize like if you look at the road map yes if you stack that against the road map yes but what's what's um what's preventing us from keeping them as is for now rather than just removing themHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Adnan Khan: evenNicholas Clarkson: It's just it's really old. It just doesn't match the features. I have to rewrite all the copy. Like we have to redesign assets. Say something slightly different, but it's more or less the same.  
00:19:12
 Nicholas Clarkson: Whereas right here, we're sort of it's to me it's clear enough. You're a general counsel. This is where you are. Six key feature suite.Adnan Khan: Yeah, I see what you're saying.Nicholas Clarkson: It's like I get it. That's enough. That's more Yeah.Adnan Khan: I see what you're saying. It's like we have we have most of the stuff on the homepage, so why spend the effort doing those other pages?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. It's that really I just I don't want to create an industry of work for ourselves. doesn't really move anything. Um, and then, you know, we'll have a blog. There'll be a blog at the top of the nap. I'll start writing a blog, you know, or the governance stress test or are you ready for pillar pillar two, you know, it's like we reserve the extra pages for real content and stop doing all this nonsensical.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Well, let's do one for legal, let's do one for M&A, let's do one for fun administrator, let's do one for advisory, let's do one for T. you know, it's like you're just creating this huge piece of work.  
00:20:07
 Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, Mhm.Adnan Khan: So, this is just one person's opinion. If I were you, I would favor the blog over the landing pages in the footer. So, I would cut those. I would keep the blog. That's more valuable content funnel, like whatever SEO stuff we need to get in through the blog. We would still use like the LP- legal, LP- finance pages to get more signal on like, oh, what how's the messaging trending and then backward work that into the website.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Adnan Khan: I think from that perspective, removing them makes a ton of sense. That's just one person's opinion. I'm looking at a deal the Rhan song as well.Hassaan Ahmad: I think from an SEO perspective, from the perspective of you being more findable on chat GPT or something like that, it's worth having as much content out there as possible. even if it is outdated because that is how they will find you, right? They would be crawling your website, they would be picking up keywords and then you don't know what happens in the back end.  
00:21:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: But you want to keep as many pathways open as possible. With that, Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: But I I just don't want to. This is honestly so much work that go I just it's like it's not getting me a customer. And you know if we're adding these what you call it the pages inside the homepage that copy is indexable. So your treasurer we speak about that the blog I have more time for the blog. So do I spend three days doing all those other pages or do I start writing a blog which is like Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: How can you export the data into like a markdown format and make it available because that is what the crawlers are and and the GPTs are crawling, right? If the data so the tables that we have for finance, legal, treasure etc etc right if that data is available in a markdown format which is available to to a crawler that's it that is the only literal only use case that we have for those pages if you make that available that's also the problem right and then you don't have to maintain Yeah.  
00:22:23
 Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. Yeah, we could we could hide them and they're still Yeah, you can't click on a link, but it's We could do that. That's Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Adeel Khan: Yeah, keep them indexable. Hide them from your homepage. That solves your the problem of having too many pages, but they're still readable by GPT or Google. Because I if if I talk about like what GPT does, like you have a blog, but at the end, like from what I've seen, they they'll always they prefer your specialized landing page on that specific topic. I don't know why but that's what I've seen like whenever I've gone into some deep analysis for GPT leads they usually end up driving from a service page or for example a very specialized page so I would keep those and in terms of your holistic overall marketing strategy uh longer term you obviously want to keep like an ecosystem of things because you don't know like they might see a LinkedIn now but you don't know maybe like your blog or maybe your service page is like the one actually prompting them to become a lead.  
00:23:30
 Adeel Khan: So, uh that's like longer term, but maybe you could just take take it into phases like once a month, maybe that's update a page or something like that if you want.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. All right. Cool. Let's do that.Hassaan Ahmad: on the blog, Nick, before I forget. Um, can you prioritize having blogs like um something like best legal entity management software and then you have a comparison of delligent versus fusible versus X Y and Z. I've seen those pop up in GBT quite a lot.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then at the end they say in the end we're better, right? It's like a an impartial review, but here's Yeah, we can do we can do all that.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly. Yeah.Adeel Khan: If if if you want a blog strategy, go for pain points. Uh really bottom of the funnel, like screw top of funnels, but go pain points and also do like fusible versus your competitor blogs. they work a lot and like really easy traction to get as well because not a lot of people would uh target those and you're getting like really bottom of a funnel people.  
00:24:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: AllAdeel Khan: I use it for service based. I've also used it for SAS. Really good results. So come on, I'll tryNicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: right.Adnan Khan: So, I'm going to play time call, guys.Hassaan Ahmad: Um TryAdnan Khan: I I Let's get into the the talk because I want to know what the next week looks like for us. So, just been I've been tracking a bunch of conversations that we've been having in the group. I was like hey let's just have a highle road map or a milestone plan just so we know like okay what's happening and then what are some of the things we need to discuss and we can discuss over like the course of next weeks so we've obviously done the onboarding uh the legal landing page is done and launched and in progress the reason I say in progress is because we're still running ads and collecting data onHassaan Ahmad: that.Adnan Khan: this um Nick I saw you started to write the thought leadership posts as and you started posting them in the Slack channel.  
00:25:39
 Adnan Khan: Uh so I was discussing this with a deal the other day as well. The number he gave me was let's get to a point where we have 10 posts like over over the next however many weeks and then we can start to like promote and boost them via ads as well.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adnan Khan: Um so hence I'm tracking that as in progress. Now there's one thing I heard. Uh so we have the finance landing page that's built. I think it's like 95% there. We need to do we need to do some copy and some static ads so I can I can do those with a deal. Uh I think we need to do audience refinement. Um so we need to talk about the audience part of it as well. Uh like what is the audience for the finance folks? So we can do that now at least in the next few minutes if we want to. But then I also heard that we should test um the landing page uh sorry the homepage.  
00:26:39
 Adnan Khan: Now I'm just going to I'm just spitballing here but I'm if I open LinkedIn I start to see like we have maybe maybe three creatives that we're starting to see more spend on and it's like it's like these three creatives. It makes me wonder if there's an opportunity that we start to just pick some of the ones that are that are doing better and it might be too early a deal. So, call me out on that. Uh, and we and we start to bring traffic onto the homepage through those. So, I don't know really what that strategy looks like. So, I'm not going to spitball any more than I have. Um, but yeah, that's Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Are we for those ads? Are we not going to try the that homepage? This was um Hassan versus Nick headto head. That's the ad. You know, two same image, two statements because I think that v that visual asset is probably the most effective one. It's it does the most with the least confusion.  
00:27:36
 Nicholas Clarkson: You see, it's like data binding in a chart, right?Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: You sort of get the idea. So I think trying that as trying that AB testing and Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yep. Yep. So I posted Yeah. So we have let's that's that's another good example of things we should track in this in this milestone thing. Um, okay. Now I thinkNicholas Clarkson: Are you okay on um the homepage separating what we do from what you do? Is that is that trackable?Adeel Khan: I can add so like attribution is really really really messy but we could do is I we could so the form field we could track UTM code is usually just a code that just picks up via cookies andNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Adeel Khan: number two we can just add a form field on your HubSpot form saying where did you find us from that usually like an optional field but usually like works to solve a lot of it.Adnan Khan: SoAdeel Khan: So maybe we could do those few steps to have more clarity basically.  
00:28:45
 Adnan Khan: so I I I think I'm actually going to double down on this and I and I think we should solve the attribution problem. I think we have an attribution problem right now. Um yeah, I'm going to track that as an action as well. We need to solve And I'm going to put a DS on it.Adeel Khan: If if we could solve attribution problems for like all our constants, we all be like really nice right now.Adnan Khan: Let's solve 15% of it.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, that's just my only caution, you know, like the landing pages are really provocative, right? And you know that's the remote based stuff or we don't want to get be getting ourselves into tis was because we've got yeah we've got network selling we've got social posting we've got outbound on LinkedIn like that you know that might be better.Adnan Khan: I wonder um I wonder if one of the things we could do, it's messy, but I'm going to suggest it anyway. If we clone the landing page uh and have it behind a different URL and that could be the Yeah.  
00:30:00
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I mean, that's that's 2 minutes. That's super easy.Adnan Khan: Yeah. So just LP-OME or whatever.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Um and we can we can probably use that. U but I think even if we do that I I wonder if we need to do a little bit more on our side too.Adeel Khan: Let's let's do the landing page clone, but also add the cooking tracking and uh the hubspot form. Uh I think it it'll just clear a lot of stuff up.Adnan Khan: Do do you need something next team toAdeel Khan: Yeah, probably add a code. Uh I I'll send you guys an example. So usually it's like a trial and everything because I'm not a professional coder but uh it usually works most of the times.Adnan Khan: So if you send a code to the group, we can probably have get like pure to implement it.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Adeel Khan: So yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah. I amAdnan Khan: Okay. Um so just to just to sort of bring us back um I think we want to do this first.  
00:31:13
 Adnan Khan: If we do um question for like remote here infusible where are we sending the traffic? Is this the homepage test evenNicholas Clarkson: Does that not go? I mean, I don't know if we're just right now we're not just better pushing to the landing pages, you know? I don't We haven't finished that exercise yet. I'm I'm all for doing the homepage clone, but um yeah.Adnan Khan: So,Nicholas Clarkson: Should we maybe that's like we look at that next week and right now we point because I the landing page is for me is the best copy we have. It's really hitting home. Um whereas the websites, you know, it's whatever it's the flagship store, right? you go to browse but maybe come back later. You're literally forcing people to the decision. UmAdnan Khan: so in that case, maybe we do this. Maybe these two are just a part of the existing creatives that are running for LP legal and they just send people to LP legal for now and we'll just track the metrics on like okay, how are they stacking up against the current one?  
00:32:35
 Nicholas Clarkson: will you do that with the LP finance as well?Adnan Khan: So I on my end and I'm looking at Hassan on this as well. On my end, I'm assuming we're going to have to tweak some of the copy for LP Finance. But if you guys think we don't, then okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Well, the the the one reason I like that I mean they both are effective is that you all work cross functionally and so I that's what I like about is it's a universal message which you know the nice visual I I think it's got broad applicability that that I would click on that. Again, I'm not I'm not I'm not the whole market, but um I think it's worth testing on both.Adnan Khan: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: The the finance angle could be really interesting. I think we're going to see some very interesting data there. We might find that tax trends ahead of CFO even based on some of the stuff we've been talking about.Adnan Khan: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, and then next week we we re revisit the you know once the homepage is live you say just clone it and we're going to try that too.  
00:33:41
 Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: We can do that. That's no problem.Adnan Khan: Yeah, I think that's why I'm tracking it down here. I think let's launch finance this week. Um, let's get some let's get this creative out there. Let's get some new creatives out there as well and see what's working and then hopefully we have enough data at that point to be like, okay, this is how wasn't that performing and then we can do like a clone of LP home or the homepage and go from there.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Okay. Um, Hassan Adil, I think we need to I I'll need a bit of copy smithing from you both to come up with a few more creatives. Um, obviously we'll use these two, but maybe a few other angles that are very finance specific. um although that that that raises a good open question if we actually want to start to thread into thread into the category of like we're using creatives that are targeting both. So an example of that is these two but also like the winning creative we have for the legal one and just start with those as a baseline and expose those to the new audience.  
00:34:53
 Adnan Khan: So may and then maybe we can add three more that are just like finance specific in case they strike home because I also saw some good I saw some traction with yeah like these ones directors can't defend what they can't see no more lines like you know there are there are some that we could pull in so I'll leave that as like an open That's going to beNicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, but for the finance one, directors don't really care, right? Um, it's not about directors, but that one would work really well for the homepage. Like, it would work really well for the homepage. So what we can do is you know we can take the best performing ads that we've got right now and the best performing that we'll have for finance and then we could use a bunch of them for the homepage and then see what performs better where like what leads to the best conversion for us.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I mean when we get on to tax we can say you know are you ready for pillar two you know something along those lines like that is a really this is where it gets messy in finance right  
00:35:49
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: because Finance is is treasury, it's CFO, accounting, it's tax too, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: The corporate governance whatever the cross function piece sort of is a broad statement they'll all get if you really want to like get inside somebody's head. The tax one would be like you're not ready for pillar two or something like that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Treasury, I don't know. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Well, in that case, it wouldn't make sense to send them to the homepage either, right? Because if you're not grabbing their attention with a hero, you lose them, right? So, you would get them to click on an ad and then they would come to something which wouldn't resonate to them. So, imagine somebody sees an ad for pillar two and they really care about pillar two, but they come to the homepage.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So we're going to lose them like straight away and then probably not click on a fusible ad again because they would have decided that it's not for us.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.  
00:36:44
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So those are just nuances that we have to be mindful of where you know for things like directors can't defend what they can't see.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That has to be a governance act because finance does not give a crap about what directors can or cannot right.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So so that's what we'll need to manage.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I love I love the landing pages so far. everyone is a really good asset with a really refined message and it's sort of, you know, it's got a lot of the assets that the homepage has anyway. Um,Adnan Khan: Okay. Um, sounds good. I think on my side I probably have all that I need. Um, but I'm looking at Hassan. Anything else we want to talk through?Hassaan Ahmad: I think from my perspective it's very clear we've got to get the so landing pages live we've got to get the offer live on um on LinkedIn so we'll be working on that from from this perspective uh we're targeting Friday for go live for that yeah as soon as possible so we'll do that um Nick, we were talking about it yesterday.  
00:38:01
 Adnan Khan: Yeah, I think Friday's Friday is probably good. Uh, sooner the better. Sooner the better, obviously. Sooner the better.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we're pretty much I think what 1,200 was the last spend that we looked at 1,200ish, which means that we're nearing the halfpoint mark. So, I think that's a really good segue for us into um into testing a new thing because that would tell us, you know, what is the spend on another $1,000 uh sorry, what is the return on another $1,000 in ad spend? So, we'll we'll see. we have enough budget left and you know that would give us good signals. We'll spend that and we'll uh take it from there.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I mean if we start to see real data showing promising signs, we can top up that. We can match your budget on ad spend. So, let's not let that be a right now, we're still following the data, but there is a total open book on us saying let's let's double the spend.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: um providing we're getting the answers if we want.  
00:39:09
 Nicholas Clarkson: So I don't want that to feel like that's holding us back on but budget um we can do that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We'll we'll tell you when we have enough data and we feel that, you know, now you should be opening up the wallet. I think we're about two weeks away from it. Uh but yeah, in two weeks we should we should know very well how the finance pages perform and so Adil is going to switch on the groups again and if that leads to the leads coming in then weNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: know that's where our ICP lives.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the messaging that the ICP is responding to and that's the lead flow that you can expect with whatever spend there is. And that then allows you to budget accordingly and you can think about what kind of money you want to put aside in order to match your capacity.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Okay. I mean, I I think we finish off the corporate angles, right? We're we're doing finance and then we're going to do maybe do tax, right?  
00:40:12
 Nicholas Clarkson: Once we get on to the the fund administration page is most interesting for everybody because the rev share the contract size is potentially gamechanging. That is where we all win hugely. Well, let's do that once we've, you know, we've worked our way through the corporate angle.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: But that really is that's the golden opportunity.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: That's how we build a unicorn because we land one fund administrator, we'll land a second and a third and we're we're in absolute business. Those contract values could be huge and and we're definitely getting interest from them. So, I mean, it's in your interest to get to get to that point once we've finished this exercise.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, and and this is this is peanuts for a contract value. You we could spend $5,000 and get one client. It's still worth it for us. That's that's how good it is. Um, and this is how we get reach fundamentally at ad sp uh, you know, outbound is is killing our souls, right, Ryland?  
00:41:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: Yes.Roland Hangyas: The little the little we have left of our souls.Nicholas Clarkson: What's that?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm surprised you still have any left, Roland.Roland Hangyas: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You've been doing this as long as uh you know we have. It's it's hard to hold on to it. That's why we started in like no more outbound has to be inbound.Nicholas Clarkson: Exactly. This is the route route to sanity. So, um we're not there yet, but it's coming.Hassaan Ahmad: Getting there. Getting there.Nicholas Clarkson: All right. So the when when do we look at the audiences because I mean we probably need to chip in with the roles.Roland Hangyas: Are you okay?Nicholas Clarkson: I know you guys have a sense of that but like a sense check from the group as to which finance personas we're trying to capture um in readiness for that finance.Hassaan Ahmad: I think it's pretty clear. So we're talk we're going after so obviously the CFOs the treasurers uh group treasurers corporate treasurers and then we're going to go for um tax compliance as well to again start getting signal on how interested tax is in  
00:42:23
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: this but right now the messaging is more aligned to your tax strategy your um transfer pricing and your office of the CFO and the treasury Um so we'll be targeting interests.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We can't go after roles. The roles are less important. It's just the interests and you know withNicholas Clarkson: Okay. The one the one thing we've seen there though is that there are Ronan, right? There are there's probably five ways of calling somebody a general counsel or a CFO. You know, it can be especially in the US, right? VP of something. Um, and so like we could capture probably a few more than the standard role names, which is where we can maybe beef up the the reach a little bit. That's maybe because we've we've been through that. We just found you know there's so many different roles and sometimes the role is you know we've done it where we've targeted one company Amazon for example and you get 20 general councils or 20 CFOs and it's like well just take Amazon off the list because it's just a waste of our time.  
00:43:36
 Nicholas Clarkson: UmRoland Hangyas: And even even customer-wise, Trillium, it's basically the legal council, but the core user is the parallegal.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Roland Hangyas: And the parallegal is also a user from a company called uh EPR, but but it was it was like the what the vice president of of finance signed off and then the user is actually a parallegal. So that actually came up twice in our Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah, but we we wouldn't target a parallegal, right? Because I mean you might you'll have even Amazon. How many parallegals are there? But I mean it make it makes its way to them.Roland Hangyas: True. Yeah. Yeah. But but I mean then again the VP did want the input from Parallegal before he signed off on you know on sending us money. So you knowNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Okay. And then sorry the final thing you probably haven't had a chance to look but we've got a video asset already which is being snipped down and uh I think there's extracts of that we can use for social posting.  
00:44:29
 Nicholas Clarkson: So, um, you know, we could get to our 10 quite quickly just cutting that up and chucking it into different spots. So, it's there when um, hear me dribble on about.Roland Hangyas: Wait, son.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. All right.Adnan Khan: I think I think Nick the same way we did it last time we can take a pass at like just just defining what those roles look like uh with like what's available in LinkedIn u so deal pretty much the way you did it last time like defined the audience shared it with Nick for feedback and then we can do a couple revs um and hopefully if we can get that done by end of day Wednesday Thursday Ideally, sooner the better. Uh because then in parallel I can work through the image assets and should be able to should be able to launch.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, we'll get on to that. Roland's an expert on that. Uh yeah, I mean a deal.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: You'll have seen this. You just endless sectors, industries, options.  
00:45:47
 Nicholas Clarkson: It's like, yeah, you got the same roles and regions just like umAdnan Khan: Do we um Adil, do you need like a base input from Roland or do you want to give your first take?Adeel Khan: What I was thinking was the audiences we have the only factor I could change is the roles. So for example we have a legal one with like targeting legal and we targeting legal roles. I just change to finance and finance roles. Uh cuz from a LinkedIn perspective usually I don't know if we can influence a lot more but I have to see audience sizes before I can confirm. So maybe like it's less than 10k we don't have that or if it's more than 100. So, I'm just going to play play around with that and then let you guys know. But usually just go I think the only thing we might change is just the job titles and uh interesting.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Adnan Khan: So could Roland give you like an initial set of job titles?Adeel Khan: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Adeel Khan: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Adnan Khan: Okay.Roland Hangyas: Uh ju legal or for finance? Was it finance?Adnan Khan: Finance.Adeel Khan: Finance.Roland Hangyas: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah.Adnan Khan: Okay.  
Transcription ended after 00:47:27

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
