---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Building Fuseable's path to Series A – 2025/07/15 12:55 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:39:12.809Z
meeting_date: 2025-07-15T13:00:57.079Z
---


Building Fuseable's path to Series A - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Hi, Nick.Nicholas Clarkson: Hi, Hassan. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I am very well. How are you?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, not too bad. Thanks. Not too bad.Hassaan Ahmad: Did you have a nice weekend?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. All good. We're uh we're going away for a little while soon. So, uh I'm the end is in sight, which is fine. I You can throw anything at me right now.Hassaan Ahmad: Basic where where you going?Nicholas Clarkson: uh Greece and then Switzerland. Um so yeah, be on the road for three weeks or so.Hassaan Ahmad: Did you say Kuwait and then Switzerland?Nicholas Clarkson: Greece, sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, Greece. Okay. I was like, Kuwait is a is a different place to go. I've never heard anybody going for a holiday, too.Nicholas Clarkson: No, no, no. Yeah. So I will be online, but I'm not going to do work call so much. Um howHassaan Ahmad: AllNicholas Clarkson: about  
00:04:35
 Hassaan Ahmad: right.Nicholas Clarkson: yourself? How you doing?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, doing pretty well. So, my son, I've got a 22month-old now, just about to turn two. So he got sick over the weekend and u spent just you know nursing him back to health.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Is Is that your first?Hassaan Ahmad: That is my first Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Well, congrats. That's This is what life is all about.Hassaan Ahmad: I think so. Yeah, it gives uh life a different meaning, doesn't it?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I really do. Sorry, one sec. Um um it does. Yeah. Um yeah, you think you're you've got purpose before children and ch they you know, it's sort of I know you I don't know. I found it like you start mourning a little bit for the life you've given up, butHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: then you've got renewed purpose and like um you sort of live your life through them in a way and like I don't know just like yeah it's incredible.  
00:05:40
 Nicholas Clarkson: It's the most amazing thing you could ever go through I would say.Hassaan Ahmad: I I you know somebody when I was ex you know when we were expecting somebody told us that it is the hardest but the most rewarding thing that youNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: did rightNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: so true hit the nail on the head.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. And I don't think anything good in life comes easy. I think all theHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: all the hard stuff has to all the good stuff has to be earned through hard work and effort. And uh yeah, children are no different. And you know, you add a second and a third, it gets, you know, I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: How many do you have?Nicholas Clarkson: we've got three. Um, but yeah, our youngest is four now, so we're starting to see a bit of light. But I mean, I go from startup to to parenting and weekends are more tiring than the week sometimes. So, uh,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: but I, you know, I wouldn't swap it for anything in the world  
00:06:40
 Hassaan Ahmad: that'sNicholas Clarkson: to me.Hassaan Ahmad: that's what literally every parent that I've met with, they say, right? It's hard. Makes you question things at time, but never do they question, you know, was what we right to have kids. It's justNicholas Clarkson: Yeah, that's it.Hassaan Ahmad: what it is.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But um Nick, is BarackNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: gonna join us today or is it going to be just the two of us?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh did he get invited? Cuz I'm not sure I saw him.Hassaan Ahmad: INicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: didn't invite him so apologies for that. UmNicholas Clarkson: uh yeah, don't worry. Um he's he's off trying to build our go to market engine. So, um, a week I wanted to talk to you about it anyway because, um, and apologies I didn't reply to email because I sat in my inbox. I've only just started getting through them. But, um, really enjoyed the last chat. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Well, so did I. And I was really looking forward to this conversation.  
00:07:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, um, hoping to meet Barack at some point as well. Um, what I've done today, Nick, and what my plan was, um, I've got a couple of slides, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And the goal that I have is one to validate everything that we discussed yesterday, right? And align on the problem or the core problem that we're trying to solve, right? Because it's from my perspective and I'm sure you share this as well. It's really important that you know we're we have the same north star, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We can align on that then everything else kind of you know we can work our way backwards,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? So that's goal number one.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: do then is as I mentioned in the previous call is put a datadriven lens on it and work back from a realistic goal. Break it down into what kind of what activities and what processes you need to drive in order to hit that goal.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: want to make sure that we have the same assumptions, right?  
00:08:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: And again, our KPIs are set so that if and when we start working together, you know, we're holding ourselves accountable to those and that's how we would see whatever we're doing isNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: working or not. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If those two work well, we'll talk about, youNicholas Clarkson: Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: know,Nicholas Clarkson: I think that's good. Um, I'm just thinking because I I scribble notes down, but either could you share the notes after the call or I'll I everyone seems to bring their pet um pet chat uh AI note taker.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um but yeah, it' be good to summarize that. Yeah, but before we start on that, I completely agree. One of our challenges is that um you know we can because you mentioned landing pages and you know sort of personaled approach right so we we speak more specifically and granular or granularly to each of those personas right we can do that the other challenges we have is we're sort of doing sector based activity right so you talk about a family office or a real estate group, right?  
00:09:40
 Nicholas Clarkson: and and so like we've got the challenge of multiple entry points into a uh into a corporate but with the added different you the other challenge of the sectorbased approach which might resonate more and I guess you're probably going to say pick one and then you do blog on sector or whatever right you can't you can't you can't do everything so you have to your best path. So, I was just that's that's what was going around in my head going um yeah, we've got we've got multiple stakeholders and multiple sectors. So, what which approach do we take?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's something that I come across quite frequently, right? So, um I'm sure you looked at my profile and stuff, but I've sold for some really large organizations and I've sold it to a variety of companies. My personal take on this and my experience has been that it's the personaNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: that matters more than the industry, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes. The ideal is you get both right.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: You were to do one at the beginning.  
00:10:53
 Hassaan Ahmad: It's getting the persona right. Reason for that is let's say for you the personas are I think we discussed corporate treasurer, general secretary and let's say let's let's pick one like a partner as well, right? Or or an advisor.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, it's very general counsel, company secretary, CFO and then secondary is like tax director, treasurer, M&A director, right? They they get less important I would suppose.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: So yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So now if you think about what a CFO in a real estate company is doing as opposed to what a CFO in let's say a hospital is doing. Yes. Their day-to-day might be different. The KPIs might be different, but the outcomes that they're going for or the they're optimizing for are pretty much the same. Right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: some point every CFO is going to need to talk to bankers to lawyers to their M&A advisors justify to their auditorsNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: etc etc right and that's going to follow the same kind of process  
00:11:49
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: yeah so their challenges once you distill them down to what the core challenges and the core outcomes they're trying to drive are are they're pretty much the same the nuances of the industry sometimes differNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: again in my experience everybody wants to make their life easy right So if you can frame it in a way that links into those challenges and says hey this is what your current state looks likeNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right right now it takes your team you know 10 days to pull together a deck in order to share with your auditors and you know you're paying your auditors for that time spent and that'sNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: 30 grand every year that you don't need to spend if you have the right data right that challenge resonates across the board. So I believe that this is the right way toNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: doNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: but but once we start working um one of the first asks that I would have of you is to share who you've done business with right so share everybody that you've done business with who bought it and what kind of intel did you get in that process right  
00:12:55
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: see you know where there are overlaps where one CFO has said the same thing that the other CFO said or not right and then we try to distill information from it. We'll play that back to you and then we'llNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: we'll figure out what the right strategy in this particular case needs to be. But obviously I need more information for that.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay, we've got a few and it you know they I mean we've got five customers so yeah we can cherry pick probably three of three of those or four ofHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: those. IHassaan Ahmad: But youNicholas Clarkson: mean IHassaan Ahmad: you'd have had quite a few conversations leading up to those five customers as well, right? So it's anyNicholas Clarkson: weHassaan Ahmad: nodes.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean we've we've had hundreds of conversations.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: So I you know in a sense I kind of know but obviously I think it's better coming from them. You knowHassaan Ahmad: absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: the go the gold is from the customers right?  
00:13:51
 Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: Um yeah they they reframe it in a different way than than we would. though. Um, yeah, and I I did actually do a post yesterday. I can show you um because I this is sort of getting down to the essence, maybe a starting point.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: And I'll show you what it looked like. Um, but it was um it was basically saying, does your legal entity structure look like this? If so, you know, is it a PowerPoint, Vio doc, Excel file? If so, you're not alone. Right? This is the reason I picked that is because this is the common thread amongst all the functions. It's like, yes, ours is version 26.8 buried in aHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: in a server somewhere. And we're all scratching around. And then we flip it to say, well, what if you could turn that into a live blueprint of your organization with all those data sets? And thatHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: my instinct was like, this is starting to go in a better direction where  
00:15:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: we're we're hitting home going, you know, back to the your website, right? You got inside my head.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: We want to get inside their head, which is like, yes, my group structure does look like that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: and and then they feel compelled to go well let me find out what these guys are about.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um so that felt like a good maybe first step and then if you then go to a general counselor you're framing more of the legal challenges right and aHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: CFO it's more financial risk and you know so that they're different feature suites right we didn't talk about the features but we talk through the the lens of what they're trying to achieve right so IHassaan Ahmad: absolutely. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: so I don't know, you might have a different instinct, but I felt like that that started to feel like a bit of a breakthrough on trying to, you know, resonate rather than, hey, how's life going at company X? You know, whatever.  
00:15:59
 Nicholas Clarkson: Just generic or just generic um cadences where we hit 100 people with the same message.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, in my experience that never lands, right? Because anybody that you really want to talk to is probably getting reached out to by another hundred competitors, right, forNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: different things. So, they're only going to pick maybe one call a day and that two out of either curiosity or pity that, you know,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I've been ignoring calls all day. Might as well just pick one and see what thisNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: is.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You've got to have the right message. Um, but yeah, I think that's good. That's a good starting point. Um, for your next post, think about why that matters as well, right? So yes, that's what the company structure looks like, but what's wrong with it, you know, and why might somebody want to change it? Because that that is the message.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And if you nail that, that's when you get them.  
00:16:59
 Hassaan Ahmad: That's when you hit that pain and somebody goes, "Well, you know what? I hate this part of my life and I want to change that."Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But you come in as the night and shining armor.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Useful. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I've got a guy in my team um who's very good with founder le messaging. So what he does is he would take 10, 15, 20 of your posts. you train a GPT on itNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: so that automatically you can generate posts that sound like you or sound 60 70% like you but you can feed it an idea and it would turn out a post that has the potential to go viral and so forth right in your case because you know you are the face of the company right and we want to promote that so what we might do is um use that or use something like that and schedule or build up a content calendar where you know every two days or every day there's something going out you know we're deeping we're going deep into themes we're  
00:18:07
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: talking about challenges and so forth um and that is the the fastest way to build credibility and traction withNicholas Clarkson: IHassaan Ahmad: theNicholas Clarkson: I do I have a reservation about that though because I I've built my own GPTs and right I'm almost getting sick of chat GPT cuz you know I get all these dashes inserted it's like it comes off so generic and I in the end I'm like I could have just written that in my voice. I could ask it to tidy up my copy, but that shortcut is like Nick just spend half an hour writing a post, youHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: and I, to beHassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: honest, I I don't like being a public figure, you know, like me being the face of the com. I think the product should be the face of the company. Everyone's saying be be, you know, whatever founder. I don't I don't want to be any of those things. But if I'm going to drop a message, I'm going to do one with humor or in my personality or say something which I think to be true, right?  
00:19:05
 Nicholas Clarkson: Uh I'm not interested in attention otherwise. I'm I'm interested in promoting the business only, not myself.Hassaan Ahmad: Fair enough.Nicholas Clarkson: UmHassaan Ahmad: Fair enough.Nicholas Clarkson: that'sHassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicholas Clarkson: justHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: me.Hassaan Ahmad: No, that's that's fair. That that's fair. It's a lever, you know. There's there's multiple levers that one can pull in order to get attraction, in order to bring in more inbound.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's a lever. If thatNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: doesn't for you, doesn't work for you, right? Because ultimately, it has to be authentic. And like you say, it has to break through that noise. And you're so right. Like every single post that I see has the same thing. It has a hook, then it has the situation, and then three sentences on this is the challenge. This is a challenge.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Just sounds the same. All right. Um, Meg, let me put up my slides.  
00:19:57
 Hassaan Ahmad: Um, I'll just do it this way because I don't really know how to do it. I'm going to share my entire screen with you and then we will just focus on this.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, um, like I said, what I want to do first is just make sure that I understood our our last conversation correctly and we're aligned on the same things. We're solving for the same problem. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And what I heard, by the way, can you see this yourself?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Let me see if I canNicholas Clarkson: IHassaan Ahmad: minimNicholas Clarkson: think you just can just close it. Should shouldn't I think so.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, there we go. All right. Cool. So, here's how I understood our conversation yesterday. Right. I've summarized the situations, identified some risks, some of which you talked about, andNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: more importantly, what the impact of that is. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Starting off at the top left, the first thing that we started off the call with and that is a key challenge that I understood is that you are the primary sales resource, right?  
00:21:08
 Hassaan Ahmad: You're the subject matter expert. You're in every sales conversation. You're driving a lot of the volume, demos, follow-ups, and so forth.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And all of that while critical to the survival of your business, it's it's it has an opportunity cost, right? It's taking you away from strategy, from fundraising, fromNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: from product development, things that you enjoy and that you should be doing in order to keep progressing the company. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And ultimately, we we touched upon that yesterday and you alluded to that this morning as well. Your time is a bottleneck, right? This is burning you out and you are the most critical resource for the company,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: right? A burnt out founder is no good to a company.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So that is the number one challenge that I heard.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The second thing then um and what that led us on to is you've got multiple personas. You've got a product that speaks to or that solves multiple challenges.  
00:22:10
 Hassaan Ahmad: And so it's getting down to what is the message or what what does our product really do? That's a challenge, right? And in solving that requires data. It requires bandwidth. It requires testing. none of which you have the time for. And withNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Barack again, he's building those solutions, right? So he's building that tech stack you mentioned,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: but he's only 15 hours a week. So he needs scale and he needs some support as well in order to learn, in order to optimize and basically stop flying grind andNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: move with intent into a direction.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Why this matters is because right now you're focusing on a single generic feature message, right? which at worst is leaving money on the table, right? You don't know if a deal could be 600K.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: You've got the right messaging and the right persona and so forth. And we only get there by by testing that out.  
00:23:05
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And then ultimately, and this was the most critical thing for me, is that you've got 500k left for the year. You'reNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: burning 40ish a month, which puts you in a race against time. SoNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: every 45K deal that you sign it, it extends that runway for a year.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Ultimately, you want to get to a place where you have a predictable engine. You have a predictable way of getting customers that you can take to the investmentsNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and for that series A. Now, I've seen series A play out one or two ways. One is when you're desperate, right? When you're negotiating from a position of weakness and then you surrender your cap table. you have to accept terms that are not really good and then you're essentially you go from being an owner and a founder to an employeeNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: actually gets replaced or you can negotiate from a position of strength right and that requires one you you know your numbers you  
00:24:05
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: have your numbers down two you can prove repeatable success and three you can show that you know I've got a method that will take me from one times or wherever your NR is to 100% growth yearNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: and right those are the three things that you needNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: andNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: in my opinion this is what we're solving for right we're solving for that predictable revenue engine those metrics that you can take to your investors and say I've got these numbers that tell me that I'm going to be a 20 million or a 10 million pound business in X years, right? Which is why you need to give me this money at this valuationNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: in order to guarantee this result.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Did I capture that right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I think that's right. I mean, I'm I wouldn't say I'm the primary sales resource, but I'm I'm still there and we we're lacking bandwidth. So, it's but I am I am the bottleneck because I'm still too much involved.  
00:25:17
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um I think there's there's two things. One is and you know starts with messaging, right? For us to start actually getting more interactions, more engagement, more demos, top offunnel activity, right? There's anotherHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: piece which is like I sort of define it as business process automation. So we you know we could have transparent pricing on the platform. You could maybe get get in into it. So you you know where you could sort of selfs serve. Um, and that sort of coupled with maybe finding gatekeepers or the amp amplifiers, people that deal with our clients, you know, on a day-to-day basis so that they're promoting the product without us, right? And I want business agility. I I want us to stay an agile business that makes profit. I know that's not that's kind of a bit of a fallacy in the the SAS world, but we we can definitely achieve that. So yeah, the ultimate goal is to to have this sort of automated um self-s serve type model unless you're enterprise client.  
00:26:24
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um but the other one is is starting to really it's top of funnel. Let's get more conversations and it starts with messaging. I think that's that's where the conversation with you feels the most productive, right? And I we can come back to your business at the end, right? because I mean um youHassaan Ahmad: Yep.Nicholas Clarkson: know how how we might work together. But yeah, it's it's it's true fundamentally. Yeah, you've hit the nail on the head. I I want predictability. You know, feels like we've got opportunities in one sector in in particular. We we should repeat that and focus our energy there. proving in one sector is a good thing even if it you know we have to go to other sectors later it it shows um what do you call it I know investors like that it's like you've nailed a sector now now the next raise is to go into whatever family offices advisory d whatever rather than sporadic client base that you got by hook or by crook um so yeah  
00:27:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Correct.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah this is So,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: I'm thinking about the two things. It's like every day for me is is a race and we've got half a million. I'm not assuming we can raise more capital. We will be able to, but treat it like the last piece of cash and this has to be enough to show success to do series A.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Um you've you've made two critical points there. So messaging top of funnel that's that's clear on the business process automation. Do you feel that this product is a self-s served product or it would do well as a self-serve product? Do you what what's your gut and your experience telling you with this?Nicholas Clarkson: Well, so I mean this is sort of like the productled sales versus um you know salesled business, right? And pricing transparency. I uh I we haven't done it but we could do it. So at least at least some sense of well okay how much is this going to cost me and and revealing a little bit more about the product versus the traditional like I would call it sort of legacy SAS approach which is hire a thousand salespeople uh and let them show up at events.  
00:28:57
 Nicholas Clarkson: I think that model is dead in the long run anyway. So um yeahHassaan Ahmad: Fair.Nicholas Clarkson: but but you know there's a balance there because you know BTOC freelancer tools right you know it's like put your email in don't no credit card off you go slightly different to an enterprise product hence why I'm sort of stuck but that idea has a lot of merit and I'm open to the idea of of going down that pathway umHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I just haven't got the answer right now.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um let's let's figure out what that might look like because that that could potentially be really really interesting. um will give you velocity and it will give you p um to an extent predictability, but it will come at the cost of your average contract value, right? Because nobody sees a £3,000 per month spend and says, "You know what? I want to self- serve on this." You you spend quite a lot of time on it um in order to make that. So, so let's have that discussion.  
00:30:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: You you said that you know you want predictability and you want that top of funnel activity. Um do you have a number in mind? What does that look like for you?Nicholas Clarkson: Um, I mean, I think we should be having five calls a week really at the minimum. Five to 10. We probably have about three, three to four. Some of those are second calls, follow on calls. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: it's got it's improved because we've got a ridiculously good investor network and we're starting to leverage that. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Is that all inbound?Nicholas Clarkson: uh, well, it's really network driven,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: so I suppose it's I don't know what you'd describe that as. Um, it's a it's a pre it's a warmed up MQL. Um, which then could become an SQL.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha. And who who does that? So who's who's in the calls with you? Who's running the process?Nicholas Clarkson: Um, so what we've been doing is I've I've gone to all our great investors and said, "Hey, give us three names that you know, uh, and introduced them to me and to Barack and then we'll take it from there." Some  
00:31:44
 Nicholas Clarkson: of them have done quite a bit. Others have promised a lot and done not very much, which is, you know, I get it because we're sort of asking something for free. We've got we got a partner program which offers revenue share, but some of these people are, you know, pretty wealthy. They don't want a revenue share. They'd rather have equity, which I don't want to give. So, um, so yes, it's but anyway, it's proving to be effective. And I think zero to a million is probably where a lot of the revenue will come from that. you know, our our chairman puts me in at the CEO of Equifax, for example, and I get pointed right down to the team and they go, "Oh, we better keep talking to this guy."Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, so, you know, it works. And we've done that a few times, you know, the seniority factor. The door is wedged open. And then where it works is clients go, they're sort of slightly I'll call them slightly techsavvy.  
00:32:39
 Nicholas Clarkson: They go they they're kind of keen to adopt new technology. They love where the business is going. They'reHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: happy to go on that journey with us. They want a deal in return. That's where we we resonate really well. Whereas somebody who's a little bit progressive in their tech sort of tech thinking, right? They're happy to just, you know, and they see the feature re features roll out and then they're total champions. Um, which is great, which is what we want.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: AndHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And what's your ACB? I don't think we touched that upon last time. So, what what's your average D value?Nicholas Clarkson: Uh right now it's probably about £1,000 a month.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. 12,000ish.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. But they've been heavily discounted. So um the next ones we're sort of even at a 50% discount it could be 50k.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Um we're trying to move slightly up the ladder.  
00:33:39
 Nicholas Clarkson: And then enterprise is is a whole another ball game. You're talking high six figures or six figures and above. So, but we we sort of like it's like building your reputation up, you know, like I feel like our revenue curve will be slow. It's more about customer count than than ARR. And then once you start getting adoption, it's like you've got a real estate customer, then it's easy to land another real estate customer and then your pricing gets more robust and you've gotHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: more social proof. It's kind of the empty restaurant scenario, right? That I think that forHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: me is exactly it. No one you need the getting the first customer is the hard bit, right? You no longer have an empty restaurant.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: Um but we need to fill it up andHassaan Ahmad: absolutely. So, um, reason I was asking these questions is because I built up the or I've tried to build the databacked business model or or the KPIs that we want to get to, right?  
00:34:46
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: actually. So what I've anchored myself to and I'll go through these numbers in a bit, right? I just wantNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: to share my thinking. So I've anchored it to 300k ARR. Why? Because you said that you're going to be at 300K or you expect to be at 300K by the end of the year.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So rather than going towards an arbitrary 2 million ARR, which I know is the goal, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I thought about what it takes to 2x the revenue, right? So if you want to go to your investors and sh say hey my NR grew by 100% last year what would that look like? So which is why I've used the number 300 but I've got the financial model and we can plug in any number. YeahNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: the financial modelNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: in order for you to get 300k additional ARR right at a contract value of 25,000. Does that sound okay or should I increase or decrease it?  
00:35:44
 Nicholas Clarkson: No, I think that's that's that's a fairHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, at a contract value of 25,000, you're going to need 12 deals to close inNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: a year in order for you to hit 300K.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Now, best practice is, it's the industry standard norm, which I experience pretty much every day, is that out of every three deals that you put in the pipeline, you can expect one to reliably close. the really good reps get maybe to two or 50%, right? So, between 50 and 60%, nobody has a 100% hit rate.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, I've used a 3x cover and that tells us that you need to have every year a pipeline of a rolling pipeline of 900k in order for you to hit 300,000Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: year, right? Which means that at this sales price, you need 36 qualified opportunities in a pipeline for you to close. Any less than 36 is no good. You're going to miss that number  
00:36:46
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: unless you drastically increase your contract value.Nicholas Clarkson: Well, we we do Yeah, we've a couple of big deals could could shift that.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: So,Hassaan Ahmad: One dealNicholas Clarkson: umHassaan Ahmad: could be 300K, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But that's not predictable unlessNicholas Clarkson: No.Hassaan Ahmad: Right. So, we're talking about predictable revenueNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that you can you can bet your business on, right? So, you need 36 deals at a deal value of 25,000 in order to hit 300K.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: If your close rate improves, you'll overshoot that target, but at the minimum, this is what you should be going for.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And what that means is you need at least 72 meetings, qualified meetings. And by qualified I mean they're with the right persona who are in the market for your product who have a budget authority to buy need and the timeline works for them. Those are the four criteria. You need 72 of those in a year in order to hit that target.  
00:37:46
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You have the math from quarterly to monthly. So your target of five a week is good. Most businesses hold themselves accountable to two new business meetings a week with this persona.Nicholas Clarkson: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: So you're pretty much there, right? So you're looking at two new business meetings a week puts you at eight new business meetings.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: The math says that you need to be at six. Yeah. So at least six is what you need to target in order for you to hit that number.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Once you've hit that volume number, then you have the levers of your contract value. your conversion, your sales cycles to pull,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but that volume that's math, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And does does the logic make sense?Nicholas Clarkson: I love this approach. It's sort of looking backwards, which is exactly the way you should do it. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:38:41
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we can use this and you can you can use this to run your internal meetings and so forth as well, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Figure out what revenue you want to end up at, right? what do you want to generate year-over-year consistently? What the average contract value looks like? And then we can work our way backwards from it.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: But no less if you have less than six meetings a month, six qualified meetings a month, there's a very high chance you're going to miss that.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So that is what you should hold your business and your teams accountable to.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That is what we will hold ourselves accountable toNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and when we work with you.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Now, as we we touched upon that a little bit in our previous meeting, but if you're aligned on that goal, then this is our plan to get you there, right? We'll do this in a three-phase approach, which  
00:39:32
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: is designed to derisk this for you, right? The first one is foundation. It will run for three weeks.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Here, what we're trying to do is understand or come up with that messaging which is validated, which is high impact. It speaks to your core buyer. and it helps you get those qualified leads faster.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I've outlined what we would need from you and what we can commit to delivering over here. Right? So,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: you need to give us strategic direction. You mentioned that you're doing well in one sector. Tell us what that is. Right? Put us in touch with your customers. GiveNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: us access to your product and resources. Help us understand your product, your customer, your market well. Right? and we'll take take that away and we'll turn that into messaging that works right. You get your landing pages, you get your offers, everything in the validation phase within three weeks.  
00:40:25
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's not good enough till we've validated it. Right? So in the second phase which we're going to run for or we like to run for eight weeks is when we test that using our own money. We put that on LinkedIn. We we put the message out. We cast a netwide. We try to bring that in. That gives you two things. one, it gives you your very first new meetings if your sales cycle is short enough. Some of our clients do close those meetings or those leads in the first two months as well of us doing that.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, in your case, depending on the sales cycle, it might be slightly longer, but youNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: would have advanced stage opportunities in the pipe at theNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: end of three months.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But that's not really the cool thing about this phase. The cool thing is that you would know exactly how much it costs you toNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.  
00:41:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: bring that in, right? If you put a message out there and you spend 200 on it, how many invest how many impressions can you get? What's your cost per click?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Is getting clicks,Nicholas Clarkson: AndHassaan Ahmad: howNicholas Clarkson: this isHassaan Ahmad: many meetings you're generating, conversion, etc.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: ThisNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: you get.Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, I've I've heard this said before. I think it was on Shark Tank, but the whole deal is cost of customer acquisition.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: That is the whole business model, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Nicholas Clarkson: The the great thing about our business because it's a super high margin product is we could pour fuel into this area without you know without any you know okay we test it early but like it would be no problem you know spend spending a1,000 a week on on ad costHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: to to acquire a customer that's going to spend you know uh 30 50k a year with you is an absolute no-brainer.  
00:42:12
 Nicholas Clarkson: The payback is is insane. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Nicholas Clarkson: um I I strangely we got lost on LinkedIn ads because I we didn't quite know how to do it and also I sort of got the sense that that area was dying a little bit, but I think that's wrong. Um it's just you got to know how to do it, right? Um,Hassaan Ahmad: It costs me I'm I'm looking at us as partners. So, I'm going to share that with you. It costs me 300 to500 to land a client who pays me £36,000. Right? I mean,Nicholas Clarkson: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I would spend that every day if I could because the volume's just like you say, the ROI makes sense.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Obviously, there's cost to serve and whatever, right? But when you compare the cost of acquisition to the revenue that that's bringing in it's you're talking 20, 30, 40 times investment, return on investment, andNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that's what we're after. And I feel that your business can do the same.  
00:43:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: ReasonNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: why I feel that is because it's we think that the persona is not defined but it is right. We know who cares about this problem. We don't know why they care about it which is something that we can figure out butNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: we know who cares about it and we know the higher we go the more high-end we go the the larger the company that we target. The cost is not going to change that much. Our conversion is going to drop a little bit, but at the end of it after spending three, four, six months into the process, we'll be looking at a six-figure deal.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And that's what we're after.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, we do that for the first three months between foundation and validation. Once we know what works, then it's the acceleration phase where we're scaling everything that we've learned. We're branching out into multiple personas, right? We're we're opening more opportunities. We're spending a bit more money because hopefully, you know, you would know with the metrics how much you need to spend in order to get the customers, right?  
00:44:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, we're spending a bit more uh money. We have more leads coming in. We've got that process going and we're calibrating that process as we go.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we're we're testing all of those things that you mentioned, right? What gets you the right seat at the right table? WhatNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: do people care about? How are they building their business case internally? Are they, you know, what kind of ROI they're targeting, etc., etc. So, we calibrate and that allows us to benefit from economies of scale, what information economies kick in and and we just start lowering the cost of acquisition and increasing the success that we have.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that make sense.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Makes a lot of sense. And I I mean I this is brilliant. I love your approach. Like you're clearly super bright and and you know it's sort of a granular forensic approach. you know, it's like where yeah, it's a datadriven approach, right?  
00:45:12
 Nicholas Clarkson: We've got we've got help in other areas, but it it I wouldn't say it's quite as scientific. Um I think I sort of had a question for you because I don't like are you you working full-time at the moment? You've got a full-time job.Hassaan Ahmad: I've got so I'm splitting my time between the two.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: where do you work at the moment?Hassaan Ahmad: it's a software vendor called Annoplan.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Okay. cuz I I looked you up and I mean I've heard of Anna plan um and I I look I get it right this is not a critique by any means and like I love your thought process I I where where I would have reservations would be putting us you know because it's like we take your your revenue model and we do it for you right I think you right now you're probably in a position to do all the bit up to the selling for us I don't know if that's true but it's we need to put somebody who can talk to an enterprise client and and hold their ground, right?  
00:46:14
 Nicholas Clarkson: That's quite a hard person to find. Even we're struggling to find those people which is so none of that is a problem, right? But like if we can get nailed on messaging test advert adverts and all the rest of it and then we then we see what else we can do. I mean like you know I'm looking for a co-founder or somebody who can lead on sales like you you know that space well right so like that that's another thing why I'm having conversations with people that for example I don't want to pluck somebody out of the corporate world because most of them have got a team and infrastructure and they don't know what what it's like to work in a scaleup and so they'll drown and they'll be like oh this is horrible I don't like itHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: versus somebody who's been there, done that, knows the secret source and they hit the ground running and they and and as much as anything and as you have done, you start by asking me a load of questions. You don't tell me what to do.  
00:47:13
 Nicholas Clarkson: You know, it's like not knowing, hey, the the founder is drowning. Let me give him a load of more things to do. You've identified I'm already drowning. Let me ask you a few questions so that we can start to unlock that. So, I love that approach. it this is it's it's it's the way it should be done. So yeah, that that was just my my brain dump on ideas like we our customers back us because they like where the technology is going. Some of them are earlier stage businesses. I also adopt technology or providers where they're on that journey too. I'm happy to do that. I I back people that I think have got the capability even if they haven't got the track record. Um at least in you know I think you've got the track record from the corporate space. You'reHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: now trying to do that in a side I wouldn't call it a side hustle and I say that's disrespectful but you know you're trying to create something that maybe gives you a pathway out of of the corporate world.  
00:48:14
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: SeeNicholas Clarkson: so yeah, I'm happy to I mean my interest is working with you specifically uh on this and happy to shout your praises, spread the network, do testimonials, whatever it you'd like me to do on that front.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, so you've you've identified the correct problem, Nick, right? Um, and obviously there's only one of me and I'm pretty expensive, right? So, so we have to find the next best thing and the next best thing which I've I'm deploying and what is working well for for some of our customers is it's is a hybrid approach right so yes we take care of everything it's not just me right so it's it's my entire team so I mentioned that there's a senior design engineer from meta who builds who works on the design thingNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: um I've got a team and and you know people who are really good with running LinkedIn campaigns, right? So, the guy that I work with um he he has experience of spending like 50 grand a month on LinkedIn for some of our clients, for some of his clients.  
00:49:23
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, so he knows how to really run well optimized campaigns. But then on the execution side, what I do is um I find you the best talent that meets some of that criteria. Yeah. Being in sales myself and having sold four scaleups and large companies andNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: have SAS and whatever, I know what's the particular skill set that gets the job done. And you're absolutely right. You need somebody with experience. You need somebody with, as one of my mentors put it, swagger, right? Who can walk into a room and just basically own it. So, you need somebody like that. You need them to be smart and intelligent who can pick up the product quickly. And you need them to be highly motivated,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? You can find all of that in fairly good quantities. Um, once you look in the offshore markets,Nicholas Clarkson: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: so we have talent bases in Pakistan, some in Philippines.  
00:50:30
 Hassaan Ahmad: For you, I was thinking maybe Pakistan or South Africa, right? because great English very senior talent people who need moneyNicholas Clarkson: TimeHassaan Ahmad: andNicholas Clarkson: straight.Hassaan Ahmad: you know 1,00500 goes a long way there you motivate them with the right revenue share or commission and you have somebody who will grind 10 hours a day get you in those meetingsNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: they that person's job is twofold one identify the prospects start the conversations qualify them and create opportunities.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Once the opportunity is in the pipeline and it's properly qualified and it's a very strict criteria that I give them to qualify it. Once the opportunity is properly qualified, I coach and mentor them personally and I am in some conversations myself where I feel that you know needs be. I'm in the first one or two conversations. I'll let them run the process and at every exact touch point where something predominant something major is happeningNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: try to be in that conversation or I try to spend time with them um to make sure that they're well prepared for it  
00:51:40
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and then it's a very tight feedback loop so after every meeting every meeting's recorded we would know what happened in that meeting what did they do well we'll coach them upNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and uh you know we we make sure that their performance matters that accomplishes one, you know, it's a fairly hands-off approach for you as a founder, right? I'll be more involved, obviously. And secondly, it gives you the data that you need, right? It trains them up. They get better and better. And because we're targeting senior talent, we're not going after the cheapest thing that we're going to find. We're going after people with multiple years of experience.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: They pick this up really quickly. So, they'll be running the process eventually. Yeah. So my vision is actually let me put that put that up on a slide after the three months this would be completely done for you rightNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: this would be hands off we would still bring you in for exact handshakes for wherever we need or we run into a situation that we haven't been in before right  
00:52:41
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: but after three months it's going to be done for you right so I was going to propose a phased approach right um which is aligned with everything that we've discussed and it derisks this as much as possible for you. So the phaseNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: one and two which is foundation and validationNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: where our entire goal is building that revenue engine proving the offer and validating the unit economics rightNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: we're going to charge 3,000 per month and we're going to give you everything that you can see on the right hand side right so youNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: get your ICP your messaging your landing pages we'll launch your campaign we'll validate it we'll give you your baseline performance metrics and we will run the initial sales processes withNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: support Right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That is a self-contained phase. It will run for 90 days.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: After 90 days, there's a gate. If you're not seeing any performance, you can tell us to kick rocks, right?  
00:53:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: But I'mNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: guaranteed I'm I'm I'm very confident that you will be seeing results. Why I'm confident is because of the revenue share piece. So, weNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: charge% for everything that we close. As you can imagine, I don't make anything on 3,000, right? especially when I'm investing half of that back into your business. SoNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: my motivation is that 15% and that's that's what keeps you and I alignedNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: if it works and you want to continue working with us after phase three um after phase two after 3 months we move to phase three and beyond right this is where we run the entire sales engine rightNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: we do the calls without you we will do bi-weekly forecast reviews for you so you'll see which opportunities we've opened where we are why are they qualified like how do we feel about it and why?Nicholas Clarkson: And that gives me a saleserson.Hassaan Ahmad: That gives you a salesperson. Yeah.  
00:54:32
 Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And it'sNicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: going to be a senior salespersonNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: who will have at least five years of experience, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll personally vet them. I'llNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: personally train them and I will support them in meetings wherever there's a real need for that. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So that that is the investment.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I mean I don't really you know I can give you some feedback on um on that. Are you able to share that deck after the call?Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Nicholas Clarkson: Brilliant. Um yeah I don't I don't fundamentally have any problems with that. I guess the next question would be okay the first phase whatever one and two that three month period again I don't have a problem with that would be who you know if it's not you who is it um so that we can because I get this a lot where I you know I work I talk we've got this channel creator and I talk to the partner who's amazing and then he wants to put me onto his team and then it's it just doesn't quite work as Well, and then yeah, so I, you know, and maybe there are people that know some of these areas better than you do, and I I I trust that that's  
00:55:46
 Nicholas Clarkson: true, but you know, I want to know who that who that who we'd be working with in those phases and how much of your involvement. Um, I'd like I'd like to think you you would be a little bit more involved to treat this like a case study. We can offer more in return and share the love and all the rest of it. um not not not at the expense of you doing your day job. Um yeah. SoHassaan Ahmad: I don't have an answer to the who question with a name yet. Right. Um, I will need to recruit is the is the honest answer, right? And I I operate with complete transparency. So, I'm letting you know I will have two months to recruit that person. Why? Because let's say we sign tomorrow,Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: right? We start working from Monday. It's going to take us three, three and a half weeks to get the offer, the messaging and the offer done.Nicholas Clarkson: But  
00:56:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: who's going to do who's going to do that bit?Hassaan Ahmad: that bit will be done by me personally, right? So, I will build the messagingNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: and my colleague who is the design engineer from Meta, he will do the landing page and everything. So, it will be me and him that you will be getting. Once we're done with that, then we will be running the campaign for a month.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: During that time, the first three to four weeks, tell us what kind of volume we can expect and how, you know, who is responding to it and so forth. So, as soon as the landing page and the offer is done, we'll go out into the market and we'll start looking for the person, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Typical lead time is around two weeks to find the right personNicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: with theNicholas Clarkson: IHassaan Ahmad: rightNicholas Clarkson: don't I wouldn't worry too much about the the the sales person. It's the the initial piece  
00:57:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: OhNicholas Clarkson: andHassaan Ahmad: yeah,Nicholas Clarkson: IHassaan Ahmad: the offer, the messaging and the offers. I will do that first.Nicholas Clarkson: Okay. And then the like so we use framer for web web building. I've got a really good product guy there. I I would like to self-contain it. we can you know if it's what the most important thing is the structure of the landing page the copy like my design guy I mean he's involved in designing our product which looks great right um so we can well I know that you can get landing HubSpot landing page and all the rest of it maybe that's fine but if it's wedded to our into our framer web platform if you haven't checked out framer it's it's I Again, I adopted that early when they hadn't had a finished product. It's if you want a stunning website, it's and you like tools like Figma,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: you just intuitively know how to use it. Um, so anyway, I sort of want to keep it in that ecosystem.  
00:58:29
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: That's fine. So I don't deal with the design stuff. It's not my like I don't know the first thing about design. But my partner, he will give you something like this.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The Figma file, multiple versionsNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: of the landing pages, multiple flows,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: multiple offers, so prompt ribbon, goal driven, etc. depending on whatever it is,Nicholas Clarkson: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: we can give that to you,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? The first bit, the bit at the top where the landing page is, ideally we run it simply because it allows us to it iterate really fast, right? We do this in web flow for the for the lead capture and for the data that we're capturing, we use type form. That's the tech that I know.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: But if your guy wants to take this on, he will need to work very closely with us. But you know, we can set up a Slack channel and thenNicholas Clarkson: Well,  
00:59:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: we canNicholas Clarkson: we we can so we can do Figma to framer import.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, so that's not a problem. I moved away from web flow because it's that was the in the industry disrupting technology until framer came along and itHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: um and they can do type form and all the rest all that all that stuffHassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Nicholas Clarkson: is there butHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah I that's semantics right it was just more like what I don't want to do is get a little bit incoherent onHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: ourHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: tech stuff because it's more tech we've already got a blo bloated tech stack and Um.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. No, no worries. So, look, we can give you the designs, right? And we can take so connect us with your person.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll set up a Slack channel with you, with him, with the entire team in it and then the team can work async but you know, completely embedded into one another.  
01:00:15
 Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And that's the way we typically would work, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: You'd have your um we can set up canband boards and everything. So it will we'll run this like a proper project inNicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Slack and everybody would know where they stand at whatNicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: time.Nicholas Clarkson: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I know we're running out of time now, but um I'm going to be away for a little while. So, if we do if we do this, it's going to be probably starting early August. So, you know,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: with contract and all the rest of it, I I sort of need to switch off. Um but I'mHassaan Ahmad: I can send you a contract if you want to. I can send you a contract tomorrow, right? Have a think about it. And if you can execute that by let's say Friday and give us the initial resources to start building our knowledge base, we can start doing that, right?  
01:01:06
 Hassaan Ahmad: I'm more than happy to set the first billing date as let's say 1st of August. So when you come back, that's when we can start doing the client interviews and so forth, right?Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Sign the contracts if you're up for it. Um, and give us the initial kind of documentation on your product. Give us a login. Let us go in, let us try to break it, understand it, and that helps us be more informed for when we start the conversations with customers. How does that sound?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, sounds good. Yeah, I'm a little bit up against it, but the the view is I I want this summer's going to be relatively quiet and I want August to be that time where we revamp our whole messaging, our website, and do ads and the rest of it. So, the need is there. This you're filling a gap, a void. So there's absolute desire on my part. Hopefully that's come across. Um but what I don't want to do is is start getting into stuff whilst I'm away because I'm um yeah I need to switch off.  
01:02:05
 Nicholas Clarkson: SoHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: it's just just bearing that in mind. The intent is absolutely there. Budget is not going to be a problem.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Um so yeah and I think ROI is is pretty clear. So yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicholas Clarkson: So let's um let's pick it up on on email. I mean, yeah, if you want to send it through and I'll have a look. But I'm very keen and IHassaan Ahmad: send theNicholas Clarkson: IHassaan Ahmad: deckNicholas Clarkson: loveHassaan Ahmad: orNicholas Clarkson: loveHassaan Ahmad: theNicholas Clarkson: yourHassaan Ahmad: contractNicholas Clarkson: stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: or both.Nicholas Clarkson: Uh, send them two separate emails. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: well, actually, just one email is fine. Yeah, sendHassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicholas Clarkson: both. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Cool. Let's do that. Nick, I'm really excited and I think we canNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah, IHassaan Ahmad: makeNicholas Clarkson: thinkHassaan Ahmad: someNicholas Clarkson: so.Hassaan Ahmad: happen. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Awesome.Nicholas Clarkson: ThanksHassaan Ahmad: All right.Nicholas Clarkson: so much, Hassan. Great toHassaan Ahmad: It'sNicholas Clarkson: speak.Hassaan Ahmad: like weNicholas Clarkson: All right.Hassaan Ahmad: don't speak.  
Transcription ended after 01:03:13

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
