---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Shadeh – 2025/08/06 15:30 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:38:38.815Z
meeting_date: 2025-08-06T14:41:02.199Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Shadeh - Transcript
00:00:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: I don't think she's going to show up.Muhammad Shaban: We still have like five minutes.Hassaan Ahmad: Yes. Okay. Where is the code? such a waste of time, man.Muhammad Shaban: I think it's filter.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it's a matter of calibration. So, you're absolutely right. Um, the limitation is target, right? So, let's see typically filter that's an SDR, you know, who do the initial qualification and then bring us in. But we don't have enough volume to justify an SDR.Muhammad Shaban: Yeah, but even even even with this I think we can just add like this is an assumption but usually you have that filter on your website stating like a way to make them be sure about what they're gettingHassaan Ahmad: That's whyMuhammad Shaban: themselves into and not like just similar to like you know 24 hours in advance basically a mechanism that gives you gives them the ability to really be sure it's like it's the same as are you sure you want to do this VA button something something likeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So in basically user journey you have to balance that with how easy it is for the user to make uh make an action or take an action.  
00:05:07
 Hassaan Ahmad: So question that's a point of friction which ultimately stops people from booking meetings with you. Right? So our goal is they're selfqualifying, right? They click the button and then they literally have to provide two bits of information. One is their name. I think name, email and the the website that they want to talk about and that's it. So, have you seen the new website by the way?Muhammad Shaban: Uh, but just a gauge, you know, prospect interest. Why don't we just add someHassaan Ahmad: So this is this is like really good. So it's not a website, it's a landing page, but it's talking about the exact read this, right? I think you would you would enjoy it. But it's designed for people to just literally click this button, select a time, and just go for it. You're self-qualifying. You you're basically saying by the act of clicking on that button that yes, you have this problem. Yes, this is a problem you want to fix and you're happy with this price.  
00:06:54
 Hassaan Ahmad: Of course, it's not a foolproof system as we are just experiencing, but yeah.Muhammad Shaban: I was wondering if you could add that uh this like imagine let's say I'm a prospect and I want to book a meeting and obviously it's 24 hours in advance. Uh can we automate something like we add something like the moment I automatically book a meeting with whoever it is at remittier confirmation. I get a small tested video of like one minute stating what you could like this is what uh like thank you for doing XYZ before we you know have a wonderful journey and blah blah blah. We just wanted you to know that this is what you're getting yourself involved into and this is what might happen. So teaser, sneak peek of what's to be expected that might increase prospect attraction. This is something that if this resonates with me now, I would want this for my company because there's like there's another alternative form of content with which you're using it like you know you're adding that school need scenario.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's a great idea and actually we discussed this in one of our standups.  
00:08:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: We dep prioritized this because there were other things to do but that is a great idea and inshallah we're going to do that. Bro, I'm going to add you to that right. I have to go now because the person isn't showing up. So you get with the calling Friday after you have actually spend the three days on the calls right to the extent you can about let's reconvene and let's discuss this on Monday in terms of numbersMuhammad Shaban: SetHassaan Ahmad: connect so that we can troubleshoot it right.Muhammad Shaban: Check it.Hassaan Ahmad: data source is an issue, then we can look into that. If the data source isn't an issue, something else is, we can figure out the best way to solve that, right?Muhammad Shaban: Take it.Hassaan Ahmad: Get me the data for the three days.Muhammad Shaban: take Monday whenever I come back I'll just send you like a weekly report just because like I have a tally of the numbers as long asHassaan Ahmad: It would be better if you get me a meeting. But in the absence of a meeting, get the data and then we'll take it from there. Yeah.Muhammad Shaban: this is what response I'm getting we can just show it to Gary if need be that way it's easier for us to know what's going on actualHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Sounds good, man. Monday night. Yeah.  
Transcription ended after 00:10:12

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
