---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Pyxi x Remotir - Product Design – 2025/08/25 10:00 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:38:09.697Z
meeting_date: 2025-08-25T10:25:14.126Z
---


Pyxi x Remotir - Product Design - Transcript
00:00:00
 Alexandra Kasseri: Um so that is kind of like the first step. We're doing this with um um with dinners to begin with but we also start organizing now different experiences. Um so the the whole kind of like curated experiences vertical of um the product. So the product has four verticals is called pixie select and that is these curated experiences. One is the reset table which is the basically the secret dinners. Another one we call the culture edit which is basically what we're about to start now. And what it is, it's um we connect people for the same reason in a very small group like from three to six people max. Um and we send them to a cultural activity. So it could be like seeing an exhibition together and then having like a drink. Um so we organize all the logistics around that and they just show up and they connect and they do the the activity together. So that's the culture edit. Um it's another event category. So we have the reset table which is the dinners.  
00:01:18
 Alexandra Kasseri: Um the culture edit. Um and then we have something that we have not prepared um yet but it's called the shared ritual and that could be either a sports or a wellness activity. So for example, we will get signups and we will match three girls to go to like a beauty salon together to do their nails or we would match like um two people together to go for a run. Um and then there's another event category that's called the field trip and it's like a day out of London. So you you basically what am I going to do on a bank holiday? I don't have any plans. um let you know let me sign up for the field trip on Pixie and then we basically match you with another up to five people and we send you away to go to Ry for example for the day. Um we have not started these two. So what we've done so far is just the reset table in two locations in London. Um, we have created a few um, so we have a few creatives.  
00:02:24
 Alexandra Kasseri: The the the way we're getting signups for our dinners is via an an Instagram ads. We did a few creatives for that and we have a winning ad now that's bringing us about 100 to 150 leads a week. Um, so that's already like quite a lot for the stage that we are. What we want to do is obviously we did the first location was Canary Wararf. This winning ad is about Canary Warf. We have two days that we do dinners. We introduced Soho. Soho is doing um also okay now but we don't have a special creative for Soho. So, we just funnel everyone through the Canary Warf ad and then they land on a type form and if they see Soho, they sign up for Soho. So, that's how we did it. I don't think I can hear you, but I'm almost done. So, then I will just Oh, I see.Adnan Khan: No, I I've intentionally kept it mute and I'm just over pronouncing words because otherwise there's an echo and that's just going to ruin.  
00:03:29
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. No. Um, so yes, so this is where we are at the moment. I think there is potential to grow more. So what I want to do is I do want to look after the B2C as we're doing it now for a little longer. I want to create a few more winning creatives so we can get signups for different things. Um we have in we have introduced very recently also something that's called the plus one that I think will also increase you know our revenue because they don't buy just for themselves they buy for one more person they can invite one more person to come with them and it's like a higher fee and it's not and it's a very discounted fee um so what I want to do is I want to kind of like optimize the ads so they can bring me leads for the different event categories. Currently, I only have one winning ad. It's doing well, but you know, it's very generic. Um, and I think we can, you know, um, double up on that.  
00:04:38
 Alexandra Kasseri: Um, and, you know, create basically get more leads. And I'm willing to spend a little more money obviously on ads as well. And the other thing I was talking about with Hassan um which is going to be the immediate next step um so I don't think we should spend too long on building the direct to consumer but the next step would be to go on a B2B model where we basically sell this pixie passes um of matched experiences to corporations um because we've done a lot of research on how this digital loneliness this addiction on our screens is affecting our uh is affecting people's productivity. So the sort of narrative um behind this is to go to corporations um and uh effectively sell a batch of Pixie passes for them to distribute to their um employees. Um so yeah, this is I think that that's about it.Adnan Khan: That's super interesting. You clearly know what you're doing. Uh and and I can see like that passion coming through as as talking. Um I have like a bunch of questions.  
00:05:51
 Adnan Khan: Um we can I can go into those questions now. Um or like at some point I would love to see what like the product journey is like. So I've looked at the website.Alexandra Kasseri: Yes.Adnan Khan: I've looked at the type form. I assume you go through the quiz. Like you can even just talk through it and I can imagine. But like what happens when I finish the quiz? Like is there an app? Is there something on mobile? Like I pulled up your Instagram as well.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: I can see like there's like some mobile screens in there as well.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. So, um yeah, what I didn't mention is that we did um quite an extensive product discovery um in another European market and we had a completely completely different business model there. who were selling SAS to governments um so that they could um advertise their promote their events and group their citizens together to come to the events. So we effectively what we did was just sold the SAS to them.  
00:06:48
 Alexandra Kasseri: Um and I'm not going to go into detail but what you need to know is that it's like we're starting from scratch. So because we think we're starting from scratch in what we did is we we start um we decided to redesign the app. So the app currently exists um but we are you know in the process of thinking how it's going to look like in its next stage. Yeah. So we're working with a website now but this is like something that's going to go fast.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey,Alexandra Kasseri: So I'm thinking in the next month I want to start it's very important that because it's part of the journey right it's it's part of the of the commercialization strategy at some point all these creatives should not be pointing to the website should be pointing to the ad h to the app sorry so yeah it's definitely something that needs to go on the roadHassaan Ahmad: I think it'sAdnan Khan: Okay, got it. So, there is there is like some sort of like mobile responsive website, but after the people finish a quiz, they sort of like get into the website or whatever, and that's where you sort of match people and you show them like these are the people you're matched with.  
00:08:04
 Alexandra Kasseri: I think it's I think it's built differently. So initially it was like asking questions about their the app the way the app was designed is asking questions about their interests, their family status, this kind of stuff and collecting information. But now we have all these different quizzes. And what we want is we want to like merge all of them to a profile on the app. So a person like Hassan can be a friend to you. So he can be a like you can be his plus one in a dinner but his wife can also like they can go to a couple's dinner. So he's a profile that is a relationship. So he can go on like this kind of activities, this kind of experiences, but he's also he can go with a friend to those activities. And he's also the um you know he works for Remoteier and Remoteier might be our client so he might be getting you know perks and passes pixie passes from that. So he has different he's one profile but he's got different personas.  
00:09:12
 Alexandra Kasseri: He might also be part of something else that we're building that's called the neighborhood initiative which is basically rebuilding the community in the neighborhood. So, he's got he's got one profile, but he's got different hats that he can enjoy within the Pixie app.Adnan Khan: Got it. Hassan, do you want to go first?Alexandra Kasseri: A question. I thinkHassaan Ahmad: Uh yeah, I think that's that's where we left the last conversation, right, Alex? You were um you were looking for some help with the product side of things in terms of, you know, just creating that experience on the app and making sure that the app is now aligned with this new direction that you guys are taking. Um so yeah, keen to hear your thoughts on where you you are in the journey, right? I think it would be helpful for Atlantan to maybe take a look at any designs that you have or any any process map that you have developed and then we can probably have a conversation around that. What do you think about  
00:10:14
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Um, I can show you the winning. I don't know what you mean by design. So what we're doing now, right?Adnan Khan: Is this the So I I assume this is your app. This is a different app or is this also likeAlexandra Kasseri: Oh, that's a good question. Um, so the first app is our app is our current app. Okay, so it's not it's not where we want to go. It's like what we have at the moment. Um, which please feel free to um check out. The other one is because we were doing the SAS thing in uh um back in Greece. Um this Pixie scan is that when people came to events, we scanned their QR code. Um so the client scanned their QR code to let them in so that they can get the data of like okay where did the citizens come from? Did they come from that? Did they come from Soho or did they come from Mayfair or did they come you know this kind of thing.  
00:11:20
 Alexandra Kasseri: So um that's um that's the other Pixiscan app. Um now sorry what was the question the design Yeah.Adnan Khan: Yeah. So, I I I think I I think like what what we're trying to understand is like there's there's clearly like a few different things and you clearly know what you're doing. What are some what are some of the areas that we can come in and help you with uh in particular? Like there there are certainly things I can I see, but it feels premature to get into those conversations until I know like where you actually want us toAlexandra Kasseri: My my goals now and I can you know I can also mention like monetary goals as well. My goal is like to double up on what's going on right now. We clearly have there's clearly demand. Okay. there's demand out there and that's why we get so much uh you know like weekly traction but we don't do anything for that. So we just have a winning ad. We have that winning ad.  
00:12:22
 Alexandra Kasseri: It's there um and uh people are signing up. So one thing is that how can we make those leads increase um maybe by introducing a new creative um or a new ad um and um and then um another thing that's been going on that I I talked about with Hassan is we have a lot of people that sign up for a specific date for a dinner, but do not purchase the the the the ticket, the pixie pass. So, I guess another thing that, you know, we could do is start na, you know, like nudging those people um like poking them. We don't do anything about that now. So, like a retargeting campaign, not necessarily on on meta, um could be internal.Adnan Khan: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: um and and just start converting those people or um or see what else we have. For example, I don't know if I'm like um going on a tangent now, but yeah.Adnan Khan: You are going on a tangent. Keep going.Alexandra Kasseri: Um but yeah I was thinking like for example I like I can't you know like I obviously can't have like a full like a you know super clear picture of the data there but I see for example and I I I feel that there is a lot of potential with the health care sector.  
00:14:04
 Alexandra Kasseri: So like I can see a campaign with like you know medical doctors and nurses and so this kind of people they because they get transferred they get like junior doctors especially they get appointed into like you know random places they work in a hospital the whole day they don't have a chance to develop social relationships with anyone because they work with anyway I see things right um and I think we And you know just try to see how we can Yeah.Adnan Khan: So let me let me ask you two more questions and then I'll sort of give you my brain dump of I understand so far.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Uh the two questions I have is how are you running your ads? So what I mean by that is like you say you have a winning creative. Are you running it through like literally just the Instagram app or are you using like the ads manager and you're like you have a pixel set up and you are tracking the people coming in like that's first question and then what's the quality of the leads you're getting?  
00:15:05
 Adnan Khan: Like what I mean by that is like you said you get 150 leads but then you're also saying there's drop off people don't purchase. Do you have like a rough sense of what that percentage is?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. So I have about it's close to um 13 between 13 and 14. Obviously it plays um the conversion I mean everything is super new right so I'm it's yeah it's not bad right butAdnan Khan: Is that the conversion or the drop off? I mean, that's pretty good.Alexandra Kasseri: it's also I think we we can work on it um we can work on making it yeah like so I actually I am planning to introduce it might be live even today I I've come up with a retargeting campaign that creat And I'm happy to share with you, but I don't know to what extent you want me to go into, but it basically ranks people based on um the algorithm with um in in a in a in a raw like it gives them positions. So if they don't purchase the ticket, like position number one, which is basically the most compatible to the existing group, gets an email that says you're the most compatible.  
00:16:17
 Alexandra Kasseri: You know, please purchase your tickets. you have three hours to purchase it. If they don't, they go to position number um to and so on and so forth. So, we just inform people what position they are based on the existing I off the top of my head like I'm not a marketing professional, but like I thought this would could be a good way to poke them,Adnan Khan: Okay. So, yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: you know, like you didn't pAdnan Khan: Yeah. So, I mean, for someone like me, I I thrive on the details. So, if there are details, please share. Um, and I can sort of consume and see see how you're thinking about it. Based on sort of how you're explaining it, though, it see it sounds like you're using Ads Manager. It sounds like you know how to set up retargeting campaigns and audiences. I'm hoping you're setting up a pixel because it like it perfect.Alexandra Kasseri: That is Yeah. Yeah.Adnan Khan: So I I think over time so one of the ways and this is me sort of spitballing uh and I know listening is like so it sounds like you want to double up.  
00:17:13
 Adnan Khan: You want you want to be able to like grow and keep doing the existing things that you're doing. I think one of the things that we tend to also do is because meta systems are a little complex at times. One of the things we also do is uh offline events. So people who actually have converted. I don't know how efficient your tracking is right now whether it can actually track who purchased versus not. But what we can do is we can also like say hey these are the people who purchased. Now go and find me more of these people. Obviously that's one strategy. The other thing we can also try and do is like so I don't fully know your niche yet but obviously as we look at the data we'll understand but we'll try and understand like how many touches we needAlexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: to do for one person. So top of funnel, midfunnel, bottom of funnel and there's like different creatives we can bombard them with.Alexandra Kasseri: Yes.Adnan Khan: Like it doesn't always have to be video.  
00:18:03
 Adnan Khan: Video is great for top of funnel but then at some point you have to give them certain messaging which is literally just words. Like it's literally word on a static image and that would just crock them in. The third thing I'd want to do is I want to like I don't know what your ad is, but I can obviously go in and take a look. But it's like what is the actual funnel? So I see the ad on IG. Okay, top ofunnel ad, there's a video. I watched it 95%. I can then retarget that person. I can come back and then when I click it, usually a type form is pretty great, but I don't know what happens like when the type form ends. So that's something I can sort of go look at. So that's like top level like how we can start to look at doubling up because there's like I I think the fact that you have conversions coming in there is a 13 14% rate of like people buying I think that's a solid foundation to start on.  
00:18:52
 Adnan Khan: Now the second thing that I heard is like and that's actually more and more what we sort of specialize on our side is like you kind of know you have an ICP within within like these people that you're already doing that you want to double up on. Now you're looking for new ICPS and I heard a few things like you said I want to test out doctors. Okay. What we can do is we can isolate a campaign that is specifically for them. We can probably isolate and try out four or five different campaigns of different ICPS like there could be doctors, there could be people who are who want to do the plus one thing. And those are some of the things we will work with you to craft that messaging because that like ultimately the messaging has to resonate with whoever you're sort of hitting and the more you hit people on those messagingAlexandra Kasseri: Neat.Adnan Khan: types we will know like okay these are the ICPS that are converting longer term though um all of these people are again just building data into your pixel over time right so it so I think that's the second part we can help with like finding right IC Uh the third thing I will say and again I'm I'm just the tech guy.  
00:19:50
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Yeah.Adnan Khan: I'm not the pricing guy. I'm just going to leave Hassan to to do his thing. I think the third thing I'm seeing is like in my experience when I look at someone's website or someone's Instagram, then I talk to the founder, you learn so much more than what's actually there.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: And I think I think like there's elements of that that we can probably help with. Now, my experience in gut tells me an image that goes straight into a type form that then signs them up and and you sort of handle them from there. That's the flow that usually works pretty well, pretty good. And we can do a pixel integration inside of type form as well so that it tracks every single step. But also, we can test whether we actually set up a few different landing pages of your website based on the ICP. So, what I mean by that is like you should and then there's a landing page and then so we don't know if that'll work or not.  
00:20:51
 Adnan Khan: Maybe you've already done it, but I'll stop there.Alexandra Kasseri: No, I get that uh you know what we've done if you go to the website there's um the reset table the event categories that I mentioned they the reset table there is the plus one then there is the culture edit and all three of them have different landing pages what I do want to start thinking about is also like kind of like a data flow and because we're collecting first of all I'm not even sure if my quizzes are the best we have a psychiatrist in the team. I always run things through her but from a business perspective like I'm maybe I'm collecting I think it needs a little bit of streamlining kind of like cuz eventually what we want to do is we want to create profiles in the app for those people. So I think these these quizzes could be looked at and you know could be um um improved. Uh but yes to your uh question about different Yeah.Adnan Khan: Sorry, can I can can I just come back to that last thing you said because then we'll lose track.  
00:21:55
 Adnan Khan: I think uh very quickly, how many ballpark figure you don't have to give me an exact one. How many quizzes are you running at the moment?Alexandra Kasseri: So, we're running um so we're running one for the reset table. The reset table is for solo D. So, you're subscribing for yourself, but at the end of this the quiz, we obviously wanted to capitalize on what we're getting ready, right?Adnan Khan: Right.Alexandra Kasseri: So, we added a question.Adnan Khan: Sure.Alexandra Kasseri: would you like to bring a plus one to the dinner? Um, now whether that was the best I think it was at this point in time the best way to introduce it but yeah so that's one quiz.Adnan Khan: Sure.Alexandra Kasseri: Um, then we have the plus one which now is it's I wouldn't call it wrong but if you go to the website and you click on the plus one it will only get you to the couples quiz. While what I want to do is I want to create two buttons. I was actually talking to the team about this this morning.  
00:22:54
 Alexandra Kasseri: I want to do two couples. One would say sorry two buttons. One would say for couples, the other one would say for friends, right? And then you have a different quiz. But as I said, a person might be all of those.Adnan Khan: Right. Exactly. So, so what I'm getting from that is like it's not like you have 20 quizzes.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: You have more like four to five.Alexandra Kasseri: Correct. Yeah.Adnan Khan: Okay. I I know from a from your perspective, you will always come up with like the best hypothesis of what you think will work. I think on our side where we can potentially help is like, okay, here's sort of how we've run them. Here's how we've run them against different sort of messaging and creatives based on this. this is the thing that's converting the most. And that will help you make the decision not just from a conversion perspective, but you can also see like which messaging or which creative is like converting the most.  
00:23:46
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: I still think like these are three different product SKs, quote unquote, um that that have to be thought about differently, but you're right.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: They're like Anyway, sorry I cut you off here. We're going to answer another question.Alexandra Kasseri: No, but it's it's all part of the same thing, right? We're one company. We're just offering like all these different experiences. Um, but our customers could be the same and that's what we want. We want them to return for something else or for the same thing.Adnan Khan: Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: That's current. There's nothing being done for that currently.Adnan Khan: Right. Okay. So, you like your acquisition, the way you're acquiring them is like you're using sort of different messaging channels, etc. But ultimately, once they're in the app, you kind of want them to be in many ways similar.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Like they can actually do different experiences after they've done the first one.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Yeah. Um I mean I I obviously want to start creating an audience of an of you know like a customers that will you know like would be using Pixie for different things.  
00:24:58
 Adnan Khan: Right.Alexandra Kasseri: Oh, what do I want to do? and then I go there, see what you know what I feel like and then let us do the rest. Um and then we match them, we do the logistics or whatever. Um so I definitely um this is something I want to work on. So yes, three the three things is one I want to increase my conversion rate.Adnan Khan: Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: The second is I want to increase my leads. The third thing is I want to work on the existing you know different demographics and try to see how I bring those people back. And I guess there is a fourth one which is not so different like it it sits with all of the above is like and I don't know if we need to treat it separately but we need to go to that B2B at some point. Um but it's all yeah it's a B2B to to see so it's always about the end um customer so it's just a different way of it's a different pool because these people are going to be the enterprise um  
00:25:54
 Adnan Khan: I I actually think that's a good four uh to that'sAlexandra Kasseri: scheme. So it's just they're going to interact with each other but but theAdnan Khan: And also also with B2B, one of the things that we've noticed on our side, like with some of our existing B2B clients, is like you wouldn't go the Meta route, you would go the LinkedIn route. Uh, and that's that's sort of like an area that we've sort of like gotten better at over the past year or so. Um, but I would I I agree that I would track that as a fourth because like with the first three, you're kind of like optimizing the crap out of like the existing thing. And meanwhile, what we can also do is we can begin to train like that LinkedIn pixel at the same time because we can parallely train two pixels together with like metadata and LinkedIn data.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Um, but that would yeah, I would put that as like a as like the fourth thing.Hassaan Ahmad: So on that on that one comment that I would make is and apologies my son's getting a bit weird.  
00:26:58
 Adnan Khan: I wouldn't start itAlexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, one one comment that I would make is Alex, I believe most of the people who are coming through the funnel and again I think the data will give us better insight into that are going to be professionals, right? Which means that we can start training the meta uh the LinkedIn pixel simultaneously on the event and that would allow us to um to target them better. But I think you've articulated it really well, Alex. This is a four maybe fivepart problem. So the first part is obviously creating the size of net new which is your net new acquisition. Thinking about the people who are currently unaware of the product or who haven't tested before to bringing more of them into the funnel. The second is creating or replicating those funnels for the different demographics and for the different professions for the different experiences. not the experiences. I wanna I wanna I I think the better shot would be if you target it to the profession rather than rather than um the experience.  
00:28:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: The third one is going to be increasing the life cycle or the lifetime value per customer, right? Which is where you start retargeting them. you start looking at somebody who has gone to let's say the culture edit and then you pitch them something else via email or you hit them with a different tag right so you've got that person who is qualified and reach the end of the funnel on the one side you retarget them with the other experiences and so forth and then the fourth one is then taking that profile and that rich repository of data that we're creating and thinking of all the other languages that we could play this in right I think B2 to be um is really simple pivot. I still think that the parish out is Trojan horsing into companies through the people who are already who have had the experience as we discussed yesterday. Well, last time you spoke because targeting organizations net new is it's going to be slightly complicated. As you say, it's a B2B TOC, right? You need to have to create that full promise.  
00:29:21
 Hassaan Ahmad: Whereas, if you've got a champion who loves the Pixie experience already and is willing to sponsor you in, I think it's just worth tryingAlexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Yeah, I do have big plans for the B2B which I'm happy to share at another meeting but um yeah, I think this is the best way to enter kind of like the corporation world with these passes. Um, I think I told you Hassan last time I initially wanted to do like like part like kind of a consulting project on productivity via Pixie, but I think this is a better way cuz it's like it's it's quick, it's easy, it's like, you know, the HR, you know, director or whatever could just literally go to the website. That's how I'm thinking about it. Click on how many passes they want to get and buy them. Um, and and they can be they can be more easily like, h, okay, it's 500 pounds. I'm just gonna try to see how Pix is going to play out. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: I think the challenge with that, Alex, is this is just me being a very laugh.  
00:30:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: I I have a very pragmatic view on things. I think um right now your biggest competitor is AI, right? So when we go in and we say that Pixie Pass is a way to increase the productivity of the people, right? That's what we discussed yesterday. or Pixie Pass is a way to increase or or improve the culture, improve team um team spirit, etc., etc. When somebody is going to no matter what the cost is, right? When somebody's going to take it to whoever's approving this, they'll be like, you know what, the company strategy right now is to look at AI and see how we could, you know, deploy some AI to improve the productivity, etc., etc. So, yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Oh, I mean there's so many ways to I mean there's so many reasons, right? Our narrative is that we want to make the workplace a place of social value again. So there's so many people working from home. there's so many people that don't go to the office because you know like we have this this you know we have a way to work from home without having to go anywhere right you can always work from home um and I think companies struggle with that and that has created um a difficulty in you know like in the past the workplace where where you were making your friends this is where you were meeting a lot of  
00:31:52
 Alexandra Kasseri: your your future friends Right. But now this is not the case because people just don't interact the same way. Um, so there is there is a different narrative than it's not AI, you know, like we're not we're not pitching on we're going to cut down on your operational costs with AI, right? This is not what we're saying here. What we're saying is that your, you know, your employees need to go out into the physical world again, need to build a social um, need to improve their social health. basically either with each other or with people from outside organization and this is kind of like the narrative be behind rather than you know we're increasing your productivity by cutting down on operations and stuff. Yeah.Adnan Khan: Is there potentially like a like a culture play here? Like personally like and this is this is just me randomly asking you. I I don't like I don't know the niche obviously as well as you do, but like I know companies spend a whole lot on just like team building, culture like Yeah.  
00:32:59
 Alexandra Kasseri: um a test. You know what an I think this is a conversation we need with the organizations themselves because some of them might be I want to I want to give this privilege entirely to the employee to decide. So what Pixie can do is when they decide what they want to do like the experience they want to be part of they want they can click on match me only with my colleagues match me with people within enterprise which means you know if we have JP Morgan and uh and and BCG and Novartis in there you know they match the JP Morgan person with you know you know people from the other companies in the pool. Um, so they can choose match me with my colleagues or match me with anyone else. So they can decide because I think like for example like my partner is in finance, right? He doesn't want to socialize with other like other bankers, right? So, so it doesn't maybe HR doesn't care about what um what the individual decides will improve their social health.  
00:34:08
 Adnan Khan: AllAlexandra Kasseri: They just want their social health to be improved. And the individual decides maybe as you say they want to improve culture, they want to improve um you know bonding, they want to um allow colleagues to develop social relationships. Again it depends on what's the KPI of the of the organization.Adnan Khan: HaveHassaan Ahmad: You know what the biggest challenge is in most corporate settings? So every month, every two months, most of the teams.Alexandra Kasseri: I made think I told you last time I'm looking at the blueprint but yeah I made a thing for the enterprises tell meHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, so I think most of so I don't know Adnan how it is in in some of the places that you worked but most of the corporate settings that I've been a part of everybody wants to do a team thing but the onus of organizing it coming up with an idea arranging the logistics getting the team together etc etc it falls on to one person right and usually that one person it's it's a lot to ask for that one person to do.  
00:35:36
 Hassaan Ahmad: So I think one potential angle and Adan we can test it on LinkedIn is go to let's say the team managers anybody with a manager in their title and we could try to bring them in through the funnel initially as hey this is a curated team experience where you become the champion by just simply selecting Pixie, right? Pixie does all of the heavy lifting. you figure out um what the event needs to be, you know, who's involved, how many people, the logistics, etc., etc., and all the team has to do is just show up and have a good time. That could be one way to start doing that. That then targets the this is how you build an inclusive team culture. This is how you start building team um team spirit, productivity, etc., etc. And once we have a critical mass of that happening within an organization, we can climb up the ladder and we could go to the higher level, maybe go to HR and just say, "Hey, this is three or four teams in your company have already leveraged it, seen value from it. Why  
00:36:48
 Hassaan Ahmad: don't we do something for the company, for the group?" And that then opens the door to a larger ACB discussion.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. No. Yeah, for sure. I think uh it's it's as as you say we we buy into you know the individuals liking the experience because as you said in the beginning we do get like the vast majority of people and vast majority I I wouldn't know exactly where each of them works right but I you know we see people fintech you know the tech finance like you know if you put if you put things like that and I've been to dinners myself you probably work for an like a an bigger or smaller organization. So, uh so we already have them as customers. It's more about how we pitch the model to HR in the beginning and I think the passes are you know what we already have your employees as customers give them that so that you know you show that you care about their social health as well and then from that we can take the next step uh to say you know what we're actually introducing a model where we can focus focus on internally on your organization and build the relationships within there because like imagine you work for like a a company that has I don't know 10,000 employees.  
00:38:21
 Alexandra Kasseri: Is it it's it's it's almost impossible that you know everyone in there and that you know you you know you can you can you can know who has the same interest as you or personality traits and that you can be friends with. It's it's almost impossible.Adnan Khan: I I I feel like where this conversation is going is like there are a bunch of different methods.Alexandra Kasseri: Awesome.Adnan Khan: I think we all agree like in one of my last companies 10,000 is a big number. Like we were just 300 people and we used to have a slack bot that would do a roundroin where you would have conversations with like a random person in the org every week which was awkward but then when you started doing it it was fun for a lot of people.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: One approach. There's obviously the other approach of like corporate people wanting like a set menu because like if I look at meta they need to prevet everything like the location, the budget, the amount of people. So and it feels like you from a product perspective are able to create those set menus once you know what HR really wants.  
00:39:25
 Adnan Khan: So maybe like the first pass of this is like as we work on the first three goals that you said for the consumers quote unquote maybe a few conversations with HR people because it feels like by the time you have your sixth seventh meeting you'd already know like okay these are the themes these are what they want and then then we can tailor the offer and go from there because otherwise I feel like unless like you already have like a bunch of B2B clientsAlexandra Kasseri: We have some leads. Yeah, we have some leads. Uh but these conversations are very important. uh because they haven't advanced to the point and I think I'm pretty I think what we potentially need to do is I I feel we need to group these people separately. It's good for them, it's good for us because when we have it when it's direct to consumer you get all sorts of people right you will get listen I mean we got partners in law firms and you know we get this kind of people but we also got like you know there's there's this crazy lady who uh insists that you know the dinner didn't happen and like she b****** on us on like you know she's crazy right so will you get from like a very serious profile to it's direct to consumer.  
00:40:44
 Alexandra Kasseri: You can just get anyone, anyone. So, I think it's good for them because we can group them with each other. It's good for us because it's a filter because if you work for a corporation, chances are that you will try to maintain a level of decency, right? Um but having said that I I do I am quite confident that a lot of people will be like do you know what and I know this from customers feedback I don't want my relationships to be transactional. So I do think that a lot of the the the end customers of that of that scheme the enterprise scheme would be like you know what I just don't want to go out with colleagues again and talk about work. So it could be either other people from the enterprise pool or just people from outside like you know art like people in art or you know like any anyone that just doesn't have to do with their industry. I do believe that this is important to have as an option because a lot of people will just be I just want to go somewhere you know talk about my you know my like traveling and you know the sports that I like or you know the family I want to make I don't want to talk about work anymore.  
00:42:13
 Adnan Khan: Does that make sense? That makes sense. Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: Cool. How do we uh move from here?Adnan Khan: I mean, I have I have a thought, but I'm I'm looking for Hassan if he wants to unmute, but if he doesn't, in the next two seconds,Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Okay. I think guys what what I want to do is I want to stabilize the DTC. Oh, did he drop off? Yeah.Adnan Khan: He'll be back. But go for it.Alexandra Kasseri: Well, I what I want to do is I want to stabilize the DTC a little bit because it's going well, but it can go much better and it needs to like it needs to flow naturally. So, we don't have to do I mean we're small company, right? Hey. Um, so I was just saying the immediate kind of like goal would be to st not stabilize like bring the DTOC at a place where it's working okayish. I don't want to invest too much in the DTOC because I mean eventually what I'm going to be doing is I prefer investing into the B B2B.  
00:43:47
 Alexandra Kasseri: The reason for that is eventually it's going to be the same thing but at least when I go there first of all it's going to increase my revenue because you know the the the purchases will be not an like an individual ticket right it will be so that will give me also kind of like some you know like money let's say to play with but like I will still be building for the same people. It's just that having these people in will allow me to also know what they could potentially want to see. So the the culture edit for example, I we could do like a private tour for you know different professionals from different companies in a specific exhibition. So I don't want to build for the DTOC. I want to build in terms of like product um to know what the right business term is for that like discovering new experiences and all that. I prefer building for the professionals in corporations rather than directly for the you know like anyone um if that makes sense. So I so what I'm trying to say is I just want to stabilize the DTC understand how this might work and then I just want to enter the organizations and then build for them.  
00:45:18
 Alexandra Kasseri: So do discovery for them, do events for them, um understand what they might want and then you know grow there rather than grow grow for the audience that I have now because it's going to be a lot better framed that audience the corporation wants.Hassaan Ahmad: So when you say stabilize B2C or the B2C model that you have, are you breaking even right now your ad spend versus the revenue you're bringing in or how far away are you fromAlexandra Kasseri: I'm spending about uh uh 2.5 pounds to get a lead. I know. No, no, I'm not. I'm not breaking even yet. I would. Yeah, I would. I don't know if that could be a good goal but um when I say stabilizing I I more mean in terms of like operation. So like we can talk some numbers like I want to get if we get for example um the leads to 5,000 right and they will keep growing after that. But if we get them to 5,000 and we get the conversion rate to 20%, it means that I have like a really, you know, interesting number of people that I can work with.  
00:46:41
 Alexandra Kasseri: So I can get these people to come back. They will then keep growing. I don't need to worry about how that's going to grow because it's going to grow. Um, but they also come back and they bring me a steady revenue every month. So we can like set some goals for what this could be for every month like what percentage of that 5k um will be coming back then it will grow on its own and like what kind what conversion rate we're looking at for that. So that's what I say by stabilizing I don't need to do too much work on the D2C before I go to the B2B but you know like I just want it to grow a little more. It's it's very very very early Yeah. to do anything else. Does that make sense?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah, it does. Um, there's two things. There's two ways in which we can play this, right? So, the first one is where we use the D2C as the cash cow or as the engine running the B2B motion, right?  
00:47:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: And the way that would work is we get to the critical mass as you've talked about. We get to a good conversion, we get to a good kind of position where that business is self- sustaining um potentially doing positive cash flow for you which can then be deployed towards the B2B motion. that would be the most kind of sensible and the risk of risk way of doing it. It also depends on what kind of funding and what kind of runway you have. If you've got the one way to do multiple things together, both can be done together. In my mind, I think the D2C is the core of your business simply because one, it generates revenue today and secondly, every single customer that you're bringing in, that's again, for lack of a better word, could be a Trojan horse into your corporation or that's uh that's an agent, that's a fan, that is somebody who's talking about your business, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, we want to keep that going.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. I don't that changes is who pays me.  
00:48:42
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. Exactly right. And so we could stabilize that first. We could bring that to a place where that's self- sustaining and contributing towards the B2B motion. That's path one. Path two is we can leave DTC alone right now. Seems like you've got a great system going. You continue doing that. You could leverage us for help on some of the places where you've asked. So for example, looking at the creatives and thinking there's a better way to retarget or looking at, you know, specific landing pages or specific ways of getting different personas in. And third is the retargeting or cross targeting of the people. So that's something that we could do. But then we could just really put our heads down and start working on the B2B side of things where we start thinking about what is the best way for us to put together an offer that is exciting for the HR HR persona as well as the budget holders right so people who are writing the checks your COS and the CFOs who care about productivity who care about the team inclusivity team culture team spirit etc. Um, and  
00:49:50
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we could own and run basically the whole thing, right? So, we could we could start off with what that offer looks like, right? And what is the messaging that needs to be for the persona that we're going to target to get them excited?Alexandra Kasseri: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: And the goal of that would be to start as many conversations as quickly as possible so that you start getting that data in and getting that insight in that would then allow you to calibrate and uh and get the first customer then go from there. So those are two things that come to my mind. Um I'm not sure if you've got a third and then Alex curious about your your thoughts on this.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Um, so my thoughts on this is I think what I should do is I should tell you guys what kind of targets I want to hit in the next two to three months. We discussed last time that you guys have like a system where you like if it's a three-month contract, then you invest kind of like the ad spend again into Yeah.  
00:51:03
 Hassaan Ahmad: Correct. Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Um so I can tell you what I'm looking to do for the next you know when when things are written it's always clearer and then you perhaps based on what we discussed and what I see could take improvement right because like I know more I know better what's going on you guys have not seen what's going on now and numbers and all that so I can send you a list of those things and maybe based on that you can you know just make me a proposal um of what this could look like, what a collaboration could look like.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Yeah. But I hate cliffhers. tell us what some of those KPIs are um that you're targeting and then we can start thinking about it and wait for theAlexandra Kasseri: Yeah, we talked about stabil sorry, was that a question or Yeah. So, we talked about stabilization. This is what I consider stabilization, right? I want to find um at least you know temporary or permanent way of um retarget those people that I already have.  
00:52:14
 Alexandra Kasseri: Okay. So basically yeah the two things I want to do is increase my conversion rate one way or another. I have it I have leads already, right? I have every dinner has about like on average 30 people that have signed up have not bought a ticket and I don't do anything about those guys. Right. So there is there's definitely I don't do anything about the people that have come to our dinners and uh perhaps have had a good experience. I don't do I don't do anything about this these guys. Um so the two things um is increase the current conversion rate and um increase the the pace of the lead generation. So it's now I don't know let's say an an average of 120 people a week. um you know we double that or you know like it depends like what we what we agree on and then we like we we put a target I'm going to have a think based on how we want to work do we want to work for a month I think we're going to work well together but um we want to work for a month and then you know you know like see what we do after the month or do we want to like do a threemonth plan already from now.  
00:53:41
 Alexandra Kasseri: So this is something we need to decide. So but the two things is bring the conversion rate from like what it is now 13% or whatever to it 20%. Uh something that sounds reasonable to both. Um increase the leads from you know they're like 1,200,300 how they how many they are now. We get this number to like you know 3k or whatever uh within a certain time frame. And then by that point if we find the winning strategy for that it will start growing on its own. Right? So then we can start focusing on what we want to do with the B2B.Hassaan Ahmad: Sounds good. How much time do you have? Do you have a hard stop at 11:15?Alexandra Kasseri: Are you asking me?Hassaan Ahmad: Yes.Alexandra Kasseri: I'm good. I'm good with time.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. What's So you've said the number 20% um conversion. Is that an arbitrary number or is that based on something?Alexandra Kasseri: No, it's based on like a revenue that I need to hit before I go.  
00:54:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: We see here.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Um, can you talk a bit more about that? So, what would that mean in terms of the revenue? Is that like a straight 7% increase in revenue or are you trying to hit a hard metric there per month?Alexandra Kasseri: I'm trying to get to 10k revenue per month. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Okay. Fair.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, because that's a reasonable number to present to investors.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and 20% is going to get you there. Okay. And 20%'s going to get you there. 20% conversion.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. I mean with the leads, you know, increasing at the same time.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Gotcha. Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. And when you say increase the leads from 1,200 to 3K, I just want to understand that term correctly. So the lead is who you have in your system in your CRM today. Correct?Alexandra Kasseri: That's correct. So, effectively how I'm gaining leads now is with this one winning Instagram ad.  
00:55:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: So, that's how people sign up. Basically, they sign up. They sign up. Some go all the way.Hassaan Ahmad: Gotcha.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, it's just names in your CRM.Alexandra Kasseri: Some Well, names mean when I say names, as I said, uh we can see the drop off rate, but it's usually people that see the ad or landHassaan Ahmad: It's not the number of net new people coming in over a period of time. Yeah. Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: on our website, take the quiz. Some of them even go all the way as choosing an experience and choosing a date for an experience, but they don't buy.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: But imagine we're a two and a half month.Adnan Khan: to helpHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. for a two and a half month old brand, right? So a lot of it has to do with us building a name because I something okay I see a good ad but do I trust it enough to buy you know like a10 ticket I mean it's9 pounds but whatever you know like we still need to establish our own name which you know we're working on we're we're doing some social like organic um social media um strategy but it needs it's not something that can grow overnight.  
00:57:04
 Alexandra Kasseri: It needs Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. No, that's that is clear. Thank you. Uh I saw you had raised a hand. Suck itAdnan Khan: No, I I was just like like I know we're still at like early discovery negotiation phase. Do you think it remmits creating like a Slack channel with Alexandra um so we so we can like I assume you you have the NDA and everything signed so we can actually take a look at some of the flows in a bit more detail. Uh that was the only thing I was going to suggest but I'll leave that leave that to you to sort out.Alexandra Kasseri: to me. To me or to Hassan?Adnan Khan: No, no, that was for a son.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm I'm all up off with that. Um I think Alex, you you've set some realistic expectations, right? I understand where the 20% number is coming from and what the goal is. Um mind's buzzing with ideas of what we can do to increase and help with both of those things.  
00:58:04
 Hassaan Ahmad: But before I start going on a tangent and start speaking about all of that would be good for us to see um the flow that you have as a man mentioned right I'm pretty sure we can find creative from the meta library but if whatever you can share with us that would be helpful right it would then allow us to get a baseline of where you are today right and what are some of the steps that we would take in order to to move you towards Um, like I say, we can do it.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's not a problem. But let's let's get that baseline first. Now, I'm going to be on holiday from middle of this week onwards. So, if you could share something with me today, that would then give me enough time to look through that and get something back to you by Wednesday, right?Alexandra Kasseri: Heat.Hassaan Ahmad: And then we can have a conversation around that. By the way, I'm not the guy you need for the retargeting or the meta stuff.  
00:59:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: So, Advance's going to be here and he can handle that.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Okay. Um guys, when you um what I can do very easily is I can add you to the Meta account. Um so you can have a look what's going on there. Please bear in mind that the met for some reason and that might be something we need to look at for some reason the meta account is not synced with reality. So what with type form submission so it will the number will be there but apparently I think we've set as a target that our target is to actually get a type form submission. So I think to meta what we say to meta is like this is our target and this is potentially why the conversion rate is lower. So we might be showing ourselves to people. I don't know if that's a possibility. It's a it's an assumption that I made uh that we might be showing ourselves to people that are notorious of submitting u forms and not purchasing. Could that be the case?  
01:00:10
 Adnan Khan: Uh yeah, this is an ongoing thing that I complain to the ads team every other day. Um meta is not that great at tracking. Sometimes it fudges with the data and I and I'll need to look at your type form as well if you have the pixel implemented correctly because it should send a type form submit. But even if that happens correctly, uh, meta tends to, if you're running multiple adsets or different campaigns, it tends to miss events or sometimes trigger them twice. So, we've had clients come to us and be like, well, you're showing 200 whatever results here, but the reality is I only got 80. I'm like, yeah, that's fine. We're we're we're not debating with you on that. It's more like you should probably have a different way to track your conversion rate because meta is not going to be always the accurate source of truth. um to a point you might have seen that there are other products like hyros and I think blue whale or something that actually have better tracking algorithms. So that would be my only suggestion is if you have typform data, type forms actually has like pretty good dashboard and reporting on their own.  
01:01:15
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, thank you.Adnan Khan: That would be a better source of truth I would say.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, they do. I look at type form. Obviously, type form is where we have everything. I'm just saying when I look at meta, it's like, okay, that's not accurate. We don't have 250 type form submissions.Adnan Khan: And it does that.Alexandra Kasseri: We have 1,200, right?Adnan Khan: It there is a 20 to 25% slippage which is not great.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. The other thing I thought about is that I might just be looking at who submitted the form via the meta ad because I I've noticed what a lot of people might be doing and I think this is something very easy that we can do on the type form. We can tag like we can just put a tag to see.Adnan Khan: We can get some UTMs in there. Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, exactly. So, like I think they just see the brand then they go Google, they land on the website, they come from the website.  
01:02:07
 Adnan Khan: Yeah, that that you can do you can you can do that on the type form side.Alexandra Kasseri: So, yeah. So, I think that that that's probably the other Yeah.Adnan Khan: So you can create a few UTMs as soon as someone clicks the metad we will cookie them and then you will be able to get that paramount through. Yeah. Yeah.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: That's That shouldAlexandra Kasseri: But exactly variable data, right? So, we kind of need to look at them. Okay. Cool. Um, cool guys.Hassaan Ahmad: Alex, who's doing this for you? So, who's or what kind of team do you have running the campaign or managing this whole flow?Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, as I said, this is all super new. So, it's a combination of the dev team, a marketing person that we had, but um, he moved to Bali, so we couldn't have him anymore, and then our head of product was now on holiday.Adnan Khan: Are are you all that was one of the questions I was going to ask in the beginning but feel like I should ask now.  
01:03:02
 Adnan Khan: Are you all like fractional fulltime in this or are you just likeAlexandra Kasseri: fulltime. No, I'm full time. I'm full-time. Head of product is part-time. U and he's very good. He's actually the one that built the website. Yeah. And he built that overnight. Um he's a guy from Amazon. Um so he would definitely, you know, contribute a lot. But I want to work. And the reason why I'm, you know, discussing this with you guys is I want to work with someone that is like full on on this and can, you know, speak to me, uh, because, you know, like I I I don't want to look for people during during the day. Um, so it's different when someone has like a a job.Adnan Khan: Yeah, that's that's the reason I brought it up because like usually we ask clients like what's your team composition because some people they because we tend to own the entire flow And because that flow is so horizontal, youAlexandra Kasseri: Yeah.  
01:03:49
 Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah. Yeah, believe me, I'm looking for owners right now.Adnan Khan: have different verticals in between. Like there's the dev guy, there's the designer, there's the copyAlexandra Kasseri: This is what I'm missing. You know, people taking ownership of things because otherwise I need to to own everything and it's just impossible that I own the product, the operations, the Yeah, you know how it is. Um, okay. It sounds good.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. So, next steps then, Alex, can you add Adnan and I to your meta manager? Right.Alexandra Kasseri: ThenHassaan Ahmad: And then share the ad creative that you have and any other um Adan, what else do you need in order to do an assessment?Adnan Khan: Uh it would be good to get like it would be good to see the type form as well just to see how the metrics are rolling in. Uh I had did pull up the uh ad library. So it looks like this. So I I assume it's one of these is your winning creative first one.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, the first one.Adnan Khan: Okay.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah.Adnan Khan: Good to know. Um, and then yeah, I can I can sort of yeah, I can click around via the ads manager, see how the flow is stacking up.Alexandra Kasseri: Yeah, I'm happy with Slack as well.Adnan Khan: Uh, and maybe we just start like an email thread in the meantime. Uh, if there are like further questions. Okay, beautiful.Alexandra Kasseri: Um, yeah. Let me just add you on meta. I will also send you those targets and my thoughts of what you know needs to be improved and all that for yeah for the proposal in an email and yeah we take it from there but I will I will ask you I just need your email adnan. Okay, sounds good.  
Transcription ended after 01:05:54

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
