---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Discovery Call between Remotir and Mike Newman – 2025/10/07 10:26 BST – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:33.771Z
meeting_date: 2025-10-07T10:03:48.906Z
---


Discovery Call between Remotir and Mike Newman - Transcript
00:00:00
 Mike Newman: Hassan, good morning.Hassaan Ahmad: Why? Good morning.Mike Newman: Can you hear me?Hassaan Ahmad: I can hear you. How are you?Mike Newman: I'm good, thank you. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I'm doing very well, Mike. Thanks for booking the time.Mike Newman: No problem. You're welcome. So, how's your day going so far?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, busy but good. You know, I'm not complaining because it's very mucky outside.Mike Newman: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm in London and it's just very gray, very unpleasant to be outside.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So, I don't mind being gay working.Mike Newman: Okay, good.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Whereabouts are you based?Mike Newman: H I'm in Glasgow, so not not too far away. So, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Yeah, I could pick up the accent. What's like over there?Mike Newman: Uh it sounds like the same as it is down there. So, it's pretty pretty gray and pretty murky, but uh so I think the uh the days of sunshine are well and truly over it feels like for the year.  
00:03:12
 Mike Newman: So, uh that's it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, six months are going to be like this, aren't they?Mike Newman: That's it. Yeah. So, um, good. Well, thanks for taking the time to, uh, come on. I just thought, yeah, just thought it be interesting to hear a bit more about, um, uh, the value proposition offered by, uh, remote IR. Is it remote IR? Is that how you pronounce it?Hassaan Ahmad: Remote here.Mike Newman: Remoteier. Okay. Um, so yeah. So, fire far away. Tell tell me more.Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely. Look, I'd love to just, you know, sit here and pitch at you for the next 29 minutes, right? But I always find that the best sessions are ones that anchor whatever I'm going to say to you, right?Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So, what I'd like to do if that's okay with you is absolutely I'll give you the value proposition, right? So, first I would love to understand a bit about you, where you're coming from, what you what outcomes you're targeting, right?  
00:04:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: I I've been looking at your website. I've been looking at the success stories. It looks like you've built an amazing business and you've had a significant amount of success in the UK market. So, just want to understand, you know, what is it that you're trying to do, right? And what made you, you know, click on the ad and click on the uh book a meeting button in the first place. And then if there is alignment, you know, happy to happy to give you the pitch. If not, you know, we can take some back.Mike Newman: Yep. Yeah. I mean I think and basically we're just looking to um we're looking to map out some other potential routes to market you know go to market strategies. So we are just evaluating different partners to see what they might be able to bring to the table and how much that would cost us. Um obviously the key thing for us is just to um bas basically we want to ensure we're you know we're able to invest in go to market strategies that will work and will deliver revenue for us.  
00:05:05
 Mike Newman: So um yeah if we can find a a way to invest in a recurring basis uh and can perpetually create demand that's fantastic. So that's that's what we're that's what we're looking for out of it I guess in a in a nutshell.Hassaan Ahmad: Yep, sounds good. And what kind of revenue are you targeting for the next year?Mike Newman: Um so I mean we're still still finalizing some plans but you know uh I mean I think um we yeah we'd probably just be we'd want to understand a bit more about what you could deliver in terms of volume of opportunities and fill in the top of the hopper at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: Um so you know I mean I can give you I mean our our average our our AR tend to be anything from maybe uh 10 15k peranom up to you know one one or 200k peranom uh depending onHassaan Ahmad: All right.Mike Newman: the size of opportunity. Um the we would say the sweet spot for our product is usually enterprises of between about 200 and 5,000 employees.  
00:06:20
 Mike Newman: Um anything bigger than that and the sales cycles get too long and complex and uh you know anything lower than about 200 and it's kind of gets to the point where there's the law of diminishing returns in terms of the lifetime value of the those customers. So, so yeah, so typically between about 200 and 5,000 employees is where we would want to target. We've predominantly been focused on the UK. We've recently seen particular success in the UK accountancy sector. So, we're kind of doubling down on that at the moment. Um, we're running more uh uh more campaigns in that area. And the reason for that is we have, you know, we have a number of very compelling differentiators compared to other products in this market, which is great when we get to the table. We just don't get to as many tables as we'd like to, but we have a a an even more compelling differentiator for the UK accountancy market. So, we have a very very strong differentiator in there and we're just we're we're leveraging that in our campaigns at the moment.  
00:07:28
 Mike Newman: Um, so yeah, I guess that's that's where we are in terms of target market, size of customers and ICP. That's where our focus is at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: That's helpful. You said something there which which I'd like to double click on. You said that you're not getting on enough tables at the moment. So obviously top of the funnel is an issue. Um are you able to provide some guidance around you know what the current team looks like? I saw four people on LinkedIn. So is that is that what you have?Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: So, we've got uh so we've got a relatively small team. There's uh just around 12 of us in total.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Newman: We have uh one at the moment we're working with one sales resource and external marketing partners to drive our campaigns and then the rest of our team are either customer on boarding or developers basically.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Gotcha. And then in terms of the flow that you're getting today, do you feel that your reps are sufficiently busy or of course.  
00:08:30
 Mike Newman: No, no, that's No, that's what we we want to basically over overload them.Hassaan Ahmad: So what kind of flow are you getting today? Is it like one to two meetings a week? One to two.Mike Newman: Yeah, it's it's it's it's probably about that at the moment. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Yeah, that's what we typically see as well. And could I ask how much are you spending on the ads? I saw a bunch of them on there. So, are you able to give me a ballpark? Let me Okay.Mike Newman: I mean, I think just now we're probably probably about a,000 pounds a month or something like that on on ad spend. So, we're kind of keeping it fairly tight. You know, the the ad spend that I'm running at the moment is um I'm doing some retargeting based on what lead forensics is telling us. So you know when so we invest a little bit in in SEO. H so we know that in general the the businesses the accounts that hit us organically are more than likely to have searched for the right kind of thing for our you know what we do.  
00:09:35
 Mike Newman: So we then retarget them with some LinkedIn ads at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Newman: And uh and then we also have a another campaign running some specifically targeted adverts at the UK accounting sector. So those are the sort of um two main advertising campaigns that we're running at the moment, but we're not really getting a huge amount in from that at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Mike Newman: So but I think it needs a bit more optimization as well. So, we kind of uh we've got to kind of circle back on that and review it and see if we can fine-tune who we're targeting and maybe go for accounts that are spending a little bit more time on the site rather than just all the accounts that we see on lead forensics.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, makes sense. Um, one more question and then I'll actually let me share with you why why I'm asking all these questions and what I'm building in the back end just so you can see what my approach is going to be.Mike Newman: Mhm. Okay.  
00:10:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: Right?Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I like to align with whoever I'm talking to on numbers on hard metrics that we can track, right? and that we can hold ourselves accountable to and and it needs to be realistic, right? So this is my typical approach to just really understanding what is it that you're trying to do and you know what the gap needs to be or where the problem is so we can target that problem right soMike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I've just used the numbers that you've given me you said anywhere between 20k to sorry 105 to 200k I've used ACBS 50k does that yeah AndMike Newman: Uh, okay. I would probably put if we were to take an average, I would bring the average down to maybe about 1720 20K, something like that. Maybe 20K, let's call it. That would be Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: does that sound okay? So meetings to qualified OP. What that means is you need to conversations additional ARR.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. I think I Yeah.  
00:11:19
 Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. I'd say um I'd even put it low. I'd put half a million in our would be a reasonable target increase for us.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: So yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. So we're targeting 500K in additional ARR. It takes you three meetings to actually find one opportunity and each opportunity the average contract value is 20K, right?Mike Newman: Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: But you've been doing this long enough and I'm sure you know not every opportunity closes. So the typical pipeline cover is around 3x, right? So if you want to hit 500k in ARR, you need at least half one and a half million in pipe to ensure that you hit that half, right?Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And what that means is you need 75 opportunities per year or six per month.Mike Newman: Yep. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: You're running that, right? And what that means is you need 225 meetings per year or 19 a month.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: That needs to be your run rate consistently in order to hit that number.  
00:12:20
 Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: If you're not hitting that run rate, you're not going to hit that number. Right?Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: If you're aligned on that, are we aligned on that?Mike Newman: Yeah, it would sound about right. I mean, I I suppose my my uh I think the only the only re reservation I would have is the pipeline cover and whether we needed to whether that needed to more cover than than that. You know, maybe we needed to make that five possibly, I guess.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So, let's let's keep it at three for now because because of what I will say next, right?Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: The better quality pipe that you're generating, the less cover you need, right?Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah, for sure.Hassaan Ahmad: So, if you're getting the right seniority and the right intent of people come bringing in coming in through the door, you don't need that much pipe, right?Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: What that is rep your reps are not wasting time and opportunities where you know which aren't going to go anywhere and you know as well as I do reps will jump on any conversation because they want to show  
00:13:15
 Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: their productivity as well.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: you have a lot of bloat in your pipeline that is just the function of just you know bad quality people coming in top of the funnel right and that in my opinion needs to be the first problem that you solve in order to make sure that if your reps are going to have one to two new meetings a week or sorry one to two new meetings a day or you know three four new meetings a week they're having the right conversations they're working on a less but higher quality uh number of opportunities so that that translates into a consistent um pipeline for you.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So based on these numbers, I think we have identifi well my first analysis and first diagnosis is that you're probably not spending enough on the top funnel right because if your cost per meeting is 500 which are IMike Newman: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: don't know if that is or not but we see cost per meetings anywhere between 200 to fiveish.  
00:14:23
 Mike Newman: Okay. Right.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. for your product uh because it's it's a bit more technical. Um there's a lesser potential audience of organizations. I think it's probably going to be on the higher end. Obviously, we'll do what we can to bring it down.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: When we target 500 per meeting, you need to be spending 9 grand a month in order to generate that.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: If we bring it down to let's say 250, obviously the cost drops quite significant.Mike Newman: Okay. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But that's first area to target with me.Mike Newman: Yep. Yep. Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: so far.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And the way we target that, Mike, is through this approach where we focus on the messaging first, right? I've looked at your website and it's great. You have some amazing case studies there. But in my selling experience and I've been selling for 15 years to enterprises and I've sold them anywhere from large scale planning solutions to platforms to data advisory services anything and everything under the sun.  
00:15:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: What what buyers respond and what executive buyers respond well to is a messaging that is one in their own language and two act on their pains.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Right. So, it's great that you're saying you're going to do identity access management. Why though, right? So, why does a 200 person need it? And you say all of that in your case studies. So, I was looking at this one where you're talking about um clinicians spending too much time. So, the access medical applications, that's the kind of stuff that you need to focus on, right?Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Reflect that in your messaging starting from your um landing page and so forth. So it needs to be in your ad, needs to be in your landing page. It needs to tell a story in a very structured and cohesive way and heightens the awareness and pushes people along the journey of being aware that that's a problem or not even aware that that's a problem to itMike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: being heightened enough where they want to have a conversation with you.  
00:16:24
 Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Right? So that's the first part that we focus on and that's what you're saying in the foundation phase. So what my team does is we develop a really deep understanding of what your product does, what problems it solves, how exactly does it impact the pain that the people are fe feeling, right? And articulate that in a landing page in messaging that is calibrated at the sea level, right?Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We only target sea level. We don't want to talk target anyone new because I don't want to talk to engineers, right? And I'm sure you don't either. They waste your time, but they don't have the budget. They may not be working on the same level of urgency. and so forth. So we target sea level and we anchor to their pain and anchor to the outcomes that they're looking for. That takes about two to three weeks for us to do. I've written four because there's, you know, there's some dependency on you to provide the right access and so forth.  
00:17:14
 Hassaan Ahmad: Once we do that, that's when we go into the execution mode, right? So we take on the um the outbound that sorry, we take on the ad management that you're doing, right? End to end. So we would own the landing pages. We would own the entire funnel. We developed that for you. And our goal is very simple, right? We want to get the meetings in through to you, right? But meetings is a consequence of what we do. We're not targeting meetings itself. We're targeting the numbers which you're seeing over here.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So we're anchoring ourselves here to this, right? We're saying that we want to get the right people in at the right price for you because yes, anybody could go on and spend 10 grand and get two meetings in, right? That's not what we want. What we want is target that. And we're really just validating the potency of the message in that phase. Right? What we're saying is are we is the LinkedIn data telling us that we're targeting or we're getting people at the right altitude?  
00:18:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: We're getting people from the right industry. we're getting people from the right interests, right? And how are those conversations progressing? So, we work with you to target the velocity of the deal as well. So, from conversation starting to it being registered as an opportunity to it going into, you know, a proof of concept or whatever the next phase of your sales cycle is, how quick is it happening? Because that velocity is the real life signal and the real world signal that tells us that the message is working and it's getting the right people in. And it tells you that the message is working and you know the partnership is worth it. Yeah. And only after we've done that, only after we've aligned on the outcomes that we're getting and you know we've verified that the message works, the outcomes are what we wanted and it's allowing you to look at your next year's plan and say all right every month I can have this much lead flow. So I need this much resource, this is the training I need, etc., etc. that we wouldn't think about doing anything else, right?  
00:19:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: Does that make sense?Mike Newman: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Sure.Hassaan Ahmad: So, um, in terms of the price, I'm sure you've already seen that on the website, but we do this as a three-month pilot phase, right? Typically, you start seeing the results around one and a half month mark, right? So um around the six week mark you would start seeing the first leads coming in right in the more recent because you know we there is learning economics and so forth as well in the more recent things that I'm working on I'm seeing a lead value or a cost of acquisition of around $2 to $300 per meeting but that's around the seven or eight week mark right so as you know it goes lower as you optimize further.Mike Newman: Is Nothing.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, that's what we would target. I'm not making any promises. We'll align on what the targets are. But in those three months, you get the messaging that will elevate the conversation at every level, right?  
00:20:13
 Hassaan Ahmad: At the acquisition, at the top of the funnel, when you're having that conversation, it would allow your team to get to the cost of the problem faster. They can build stronger business cases, build stronger um, you know, build a case towards a higher ACV, right? That's the benefit of that. We'll do your entire funnel, right? So, do the message, we'll do the research, we'll write it up, we'll set it up. We can work with you if you want us to, right? But you don't there's no dependency on you there, right? We can run the whole thing. We will generate a consistent run rate of highly qualified high intent meetings for your team. Right? Focus on the quality rather than the quantity first and then quantity comes later.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll give you the transparent pro performance metrics. So you can log in at any time and see what's happening. So it's not a black box. You would have complete visibility of the whole thing.  
00:21:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: And um we'll hand off to your team for execution, right? Charge three grand for it. And there's a commission element. That commission is typically the same that you would pay to not the sellers themselves, but you know, one level above sellers.Mike Newman: Yep. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So the comm rate is lower.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: And the reason why we do that is because it keeps us aligned, right?Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: 39 doesn't pay my bills. That's the commission that I'm really after, right?Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and by focusing on the commission, it focuses the team on quality rather than quantity, right? I'm not going to be the guy who promises you 20 meetings a week or 20 meetings a month. But I can promise you that the meetings that do come in would be very high quality because literally I've got a meeting with the CEO of uh my one login, right?Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: And that's because of the same funnel. That's the quality that we're targeting.  
00:21:56
 Hassaan Ahmad: So I take a pause here and see how that's aligned to what you were thinking or how do you what are you comMike Newman: Yeah, I think so. Yeah, I think that's that's pretty much in line with my in my what I expected to see. Um uh yeah I think um yeah I guess I mean I guess so so probably my question would be what other comparable companies have you worked with that you might say you know are similar to us where you know they they'd be a reference or a case study for Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, I would be upfront and honest with you. I typically work with SAS, right? Um, yours is a as a service solution as well. So, I would say that's comparable, right? We're working currently on a few marketing technology solutions as well as one that is uh more governance play.Mike Newman: Heat.Hassaan Ahmad: So governance tax play right in your industry specifically. I don't have a reference customer right now but I'd be happy to put you in touch with any of the others if you if you like.  
00:23:07
 Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um yeah, on the closed revenue.Mike Newman: And and the the five Okay. So, and that 5% commission is that on the average sorry on the ERR on the closed revenue, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. One year. So if you do a three-year deal, which I'm sure you are, um it's just on the annual rather than the total.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: What I also do, and I'd be glad to do it for you, is I like to put my money where my mouth is, right? On a threemonth pilot, if you were to work with us, we would invest the first month of ad spent ourselves, right? So, we'd invest up to three grand um in testing and validating the message ourselves, right? What that essentially means is you're paying for two months and you're getting one month free. Um and what that gives you is the messaging which you can use the validation of that messaging as well as the first you know three to five maybe more leads coming in of that quality right and only after that works for you we can then think about doing anything  
00:24:24
 Mike Newman: Okay. Okay. Um Okay. And then so so what additional costs would there be then in addition to that? What you've shown me is what?Hassaan Ahmad: the pilot.Mike Newman: Yeah. So, so that's 3k per month plus 5%.Hassaan Ahmad: There's no additional cost to you.Mike Newman: Is that okay?Hassaan Ahmad: That's it. In the first three months, there's no additional cost unless you want to supplement it with your own ad spend. Right?Mike Newman: Okay. Right. Right.Hassaan Ahmad: After three months, the ad spend will be your responsibility. But at that time, you would know exactly. So, you would know what your cost per cost acquisition cost is.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And then you decide if you want five or 10 based on that number, right?Mike Newman: Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. Okay. Um, and so what happened on on beyond the 3-month pilot then? What what does engagement look like from your point of view?  
00:25:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. So if I'm hoping that you know we're successful and we decide to move beyond that three month it will be three uh the same retainer and the same um commission rate. The only responsibility that you would have would be for the ad spend, right? And you can decide how much that is going to be.Mike Newman: Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: Beyond the three months, what typically happens with most of our customers is we go beyond one or two personas into different industries, right?Mike Newman: Okay. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Right. Now, you mentioned that your focus is accountancy, right? One of the benefits of running the ads the way we do it is that it allows us to identify um secondary targets that then go into.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So for example for the compliance SAS that I was talking about we knew that legal is where we should be starting but as we started running the ads we started looking at the data and it told us thatMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: 40% of traffic was coming in from a finance point of view.  
00:26:21
 Mike Newman: Okay. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Next thing that we've done is finance right now that we've done finance we know that within those fi the finance it's tax that is more interesting and the data is telling us.Mike Newman: Yep. Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: So we just follow the data and we use that to iterate and for each new use case what we do is again very hypersp specific messaging hypersp specific offers hypersp specific creatives and then running the campaigns that's whatMike Newman: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: we do and that is what the typical engagement after three months would look like so we'll go from accounting to the next sector to the next sector you may decide that you want to you know make a shotMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: at the US market which I would highly recommend by the if you want to do that so we can test new markets, new audiences and so forth.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And we'll continue doing that with you.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Um yeah.Mike Newman: Yeah. I mean I think that you know obviously that that is the that is our intention is to you know is to basically expand geographically.  
00:27:19
 Mike Newman: I think at the moment we're we're trying to go for the low hanging some lowhanging fruit in the UK just to for our next kind of revenue sprint if you like. Um but then we need to yeah I mean other other territories are definitely there. I mean we you know in the in the past we we launched originally way back as a consumer product in 2012. We went into the SMB market in sort of 2014 or something and we did have customers you know with customers in Australia in the United States and you know in our for our SMB product. Um but we kind of ditched all that as we kind of rebuilt the whole solution for enterprise. We then figured that you know we were better focusing in the short term on getting the initial traction in the UK in our domestic market. So um but okay. Okay. So yeah, I mean I think the key the probably the main main thing that is uh just outstanding for me then is maybe just a a reference client or something that we could speak to to you as to  
00:28:25
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Newman: you know how the experience has gone for them.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. All right. Yeah, that's fine. I will ask my uh my compliance client. I think that might be more relevant for you. Right.Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: We are just coming up to the end of two months for them and you know we've already started producing results with them.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: We've done two personas already. We're targeting so we're starting the two second persona now the third one next month with them.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um and yeah I think they uh we've been in business for about a year.Mike Newman: And And how long how long have you guys been operating? A year. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh was a bit of a slow burn. We wanted to find the it was a bit of pivoting as you can tell from the name. We initially wanted to be in the remote um talent space and remote resourcing space but then Apple came in with the call screening features and so forth and we just realized that you know BDR hitting the phones is  
00:29:17
 Mike Newman: Okay. Right. Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: just not the way to do it. Right.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: same time we just started seeing a lot of traction with the messaging offer I think so yeah our big is so my focus is or or my big talent market is or the source of talent is Pakistan andMike Newman: So would you have been so in the past would you have been competing with companies like Tel Verde and that kind of thing then sort of Yeah. Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: Pakistan right and the biggest mark biggest hires over there is you know you might have came across the name edge is pretty one then there's the predominantly service the US market because that volume is um but yeah theMike Newman: Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: talent is good but the talent is no longer good enough without a very focused top of funnel effort that is part of the offer you know once we go beyond a certain limit with our customers where there's moreMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: than enough volume coming in  
00:30:22
 Mike Newman: I mean we yeah we we we've just found it's been very you know especially the last few years it's just the the the outbound SDR BDR market is just you know has really come off the boil with um you know basically very few people are picking up the phone these days.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Um, and as you say, unless it's like very highly targeted or it's in response to an inbound, you know, that then, you know, it's just it's extremely difficult. So, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. And if you think about it, you're running the same cost anyway, right? So you're paying thousand per resource if you have an offshore resource.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Onshore is what? Three to four, maybe five, you know, that's the lowest level in that's your fully loaded cost.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So you're paying that money and then you're getting them the right tooling. So their phones, their phone lists, the your email um automation, etc., etc. And then you're not seeing a consistent ROI. So it just doesn't doesn't scale.  
00:31:23
 Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. And what what was your what was your background then before this? SoHassaan Ahmad: um started off as a person on the phone. So I was setting the phones. I was an account manager for standard and pors. Um did that for about six and a half years. Went into Moody's um sold enterprise software. So basically set up their entire Eastern European function. Um opened up the Eastern European for Moody's Analytics.Mike Newman: Oh, who was that? Who was that for? Okay. Right. Right.Hassaan Ahmad: So um they had like two customers there so I expanded them from two to well two customers I expanded them to 10 in five countries in three then co hit um couldn't do that anymore sold SAS for sorryMike Newman: Okay. Good.Hassaan Ahmad: sold apprenticeships for a company called multiverse then I uh then you know been selling SAS since then.Mike Newman: Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. My also full disclosure since we're talking about my background if you search me up on LinkedIn you would find that I'm currently associated with a company called Annoplan right so an plan yeah so it's a provider of planning  
00:32:28
 Mike Newman: A company called what? Anip. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: software for for large enterprises I do the I do the UK business services segment for them right here is something that I'm doing um well this is my exit strategy right and you would be my exit customer ifMike Newman: Okay. Okay. Right.Hassaan Ahmad: you come in Right?Mike Newman: Yeah. Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: Because I'm just at the tipping point.Mike Newman: Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: I just want to be completely transparent with you.Mike Newman: Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: But with that, you would get me doing your messaging.Mike Newman: Yeah. Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: You would get my co-founder who is or who was a very senior designer at Meta who would do the designing of your creatives of your landing page and so forth.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: And then my media buyer who runs budgets of so he's working exclusively for us and he does budgets of about 70 to 80,000 pounds a month um on LinkedIn.Mike Newman: Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: LinkedIn is core specialty and as I'm sure you um Nick from the reference customer would tell you he's pretty good at what he does.  
00:33:22
 Mike Newman: Yep. Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Okay. Yeah. Good. Okay. So, this is you guys. This is your um your shot, your moonshot basically.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Well, okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So just want to be completely transparent the right expectations, right?Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. No. That's Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: You can ask Nick questions around our availability and responsiveness, right? So if that is a concern. So yeah.Mike Newman: I mean, you know, I mean, ultimately all I'm interested in is trying to find something that works, you know.Hassaan Ahmad: UhMike Newman: So, if if it if it can work and uh deliver us with good quality opportunities that convert into sales. Um, you know, for me that that's a win-win situation because we would just keep investing in it.Hassaan Ahmad: H.Mike Newman: Um, so yeah. Uh yeah, I mean I don't have any issue with that. I mean I think that's uh you know I'm all for um you know helping you do that as well if you know if it helps you make the make the journey and get started. So I'm not I'm not worried about that. Um I think yeah I think it's just the how to how to make it Oh.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry, M. I've been uh I'm getting kicked out of the room. So, can I arrange meetingMike Newman: Are you okay? That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. Oh, okay. Can you could you send me the deck over just to if you you wouldn't mind, Hassan? Um that would be great. And then um give me some time to think about this. If if you can introduce me to um the other company that would help and I will Yeah, perfect. Great. Okay. Right. Thanks. Cheers. Cheers. Bye.  
Transcription ended after 00:35:21

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
