---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Fuseable/Remotir - Weekly Sync – 2025/10/31 14:28 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:37:05.169Z
meeting_date: 2025-10-31T15:06:51.631Z
---


Fuseable/Remotir - Weekly Sync - Transcript
00:00:00
 Barak Peled: Hello ladies.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey. All right, man.Barak Peled: Hey, how's it going?Hassaan Ahmad: How are you?Barak Peled: Can't complain. just uh just overworked, you know, but yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Roland Hangyas: Hey guys.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, Roland. How's it going?Roland Hangyas: Yeah. Good. Good. How about yourself?Hassaan Ahmad: Good. Good. Brock, what's what's keeping you overworked?Barak Peled: Um, I've got a client, um, and I work with him for four years now, but I mean, you can say I'm I'm a fractionally co-founder, but um, he works on very short deadlines and when it happens, you just got to stay up all night and help him get through it. So, one of those nights.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. What's uh what's the uh latest emergencyBarak Peled: Yeah. So, Servo does CCTV analytics for hospitality businesses. So, we we pl we plug an AI bot to their CCTV and we check movements of people and products on the floor and then we provide analysis. Um yeah and um we we are in a very late stage process with Brett uh for all of their well a lot of their locations and um because they're franchise so you can't really take they can't guarantee all the locations but a big but um so we had yeah so we had to present them the findings of last week 11:00 this morning but the but but the AI finished recording at 11 o'clock last night so Yeah.  
00:02:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: Wow.Barak Peled: Yeah. Um so but it was good. I mean it was literally last minute but um yeah so this these kind of things they just uh you know they take as much time as they need but but it's good. I think it's um we're just crossed the half a million revenue and we've got um really good bunch of uh companies on the you know on the uh yeah clients.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Barak Peled: So yeah, it's very busy but it's a bit like it's a bit like fusible in the sense that it's it's it's hugely founder leled like um Amit does everything so it's difficult to um yeah it's difficult to grow sometimes as fast as you'd like but um he doesn't he doesn't want to get to the point where he has to raise money again so he's trying to extend his runway as long as possible So yeah,Roland Hangyas: Come on guys.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I think 500k is a really good it's it's really good milestone where you can tell that the business is sustainable. You know, it's you know, it's proven.  
00:03:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: The need is real. You've got a good roster of customers. Pretty good, man.Barak Peled: yes, we we just raised 1.2 million three months ago.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Barak Peled: Um, and and that's why we now need to make that million last, I would say, until we get to 2 million revenue.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Barak Peled: But how you go from half a million to two million without spending the money? Yes. Yeah. And Amit is very secretive. Like I mean, he just doesn't like to do marketing and stuff. He's very like to his own. So, we'll see how it goes.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's uh that's how it is, man.Barak Peled: Yeah. Word of mouth. Really? Gorilla. Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, Nick, how's it going?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. Yeah. All good. How are you?Hassaan Ahmad: I am doing well, thank you. We were just catching up on uh Barack's other winter.Barak Peled: Yeah, just just we had to stay up most nights to finish something for 11 o'clock this morning.  
00:04:30
 Barak Peled: It was crazy. But yeah, yes, exactly.Nicholas Clarkson: That's why he's not shaving.Barak Peled: I have no time to shave.Hassaan Ahmad: I I thought that was in fashion November.Nicholas Clarkson: Keep going, man. Yeah.Barak Peled: It's November. No. Anyway, so I gotta gear up for that one now. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, it is.Barak Peled: There you go.Hassaan Ahmad: So, J two things on on my agenda today. The first one is the two landing pages that Nick you and I talked about. Um, not sure if you've had a chance to review or not.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: The Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: No, but I will do I I will do you I mean we can exchange um on on the docks, right? So, but thanks for doing that. I know you um you know I gave you a gave you a challenge and you met it. So, nice work.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, you know that was good. I was uh I was happy to see the fund admin one that you put together.  
00:05:23
 Hassaan Ahmad: So I've I think a lot of the body was good.Barak Peled: Oh.Hassaan Ahmad: What I've done there is just made some of the well I've gone over it with a with an eraser and change things where I felt could be more punchy, but my focus was mainly on the hooks and youNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: know what the message that we're delivering.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: I think I'm happy with it now. You you did quite a bit of good work. So amazing.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: But I think this should be good. Um, so what I want to understand now is what where do you see the largest opportunity, right? And how do how do we want to go after it? From the last time we spoke, fund admins was front and center for you, Nick. Is that still the case? Is that what you want to do next?Nicholas Clarkson: Um the thing is because there's there's only a handful you know that's something we can sort of leverage via the network or we you know we do have some interaction with them already and part of me is wondering whether or not this is really a landing page or if it's just another version of the homepage that explains what we do through their lens because you know I was thinking about that we've got one sales deck and  
00:06:36
 Nicholas Clarkson: it it's really it's a corporate sales deck right for the average corporate but for fund administrators you know we are and we don't advertise this we are the probably the only platform in the world that can autogenerate group structure data plus they have all these challenges of putting manpower against the problem no client interaction So a deck and the website should sort of spell that out, right? So when they look at it, they go, "Oh my god, somebody's actually addressing that need." And obviously the landing page copy is a bit more provocative. Um, so I'm just a bit I suppose we could we could have a a landing page for them and we could have a homepage for them. I mean, there's suppose there's no harm in that. I just I don't know. I was a bit lost on that one. Um Right.Hassaan Ahmad: My recommendation there would be I mean landing pages is okay if you want to bring traffic to it. But if you're not bringing traffic to it, then a better way of building credibility with the likes of fund managers would be through a white paper so to speak where you're taking the same messaging but you're presenting it more as a white paper rather than a landing page or you know through that provocative copy.  
00:08:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: So if you've already got connections with them and you know you you have an opportunity or you have a way to get to them, get to the decision makers through your network.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh let's just GPT this into a white paper, right? Marry that with some of the features of the platform, some cool visuals, and I think one to two page data sheet or white paper might be really good way to get make some inroads with them and build credibility fast.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, like that. Yeah. I mean, I guess it's a deck, right? But we call it a white paper.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I mean data sheet what you're looking for is two pages, right?Nicholas Clarkson: It's aHassaan Ahmad: So one page or two page of max. Um half of that is going to be taken by diagrams anyway. So you're really talking about one page of content. It's quite easy to put that together using the messaging because the messaging now focuses on um you know the problem how it solves it.  
00:09:02
 Hassaan Ahmad: What it doesn't do is talk about some proof points. So if we could think about some proof points either get get them from the network or you know just do some research and figure out you know what the cost of not solving that problem is I think thatNicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: could be that could be really powerful.Barak Peled: What points you said? Points. I didn't get which points points.Hassaan Ahmad: coins.Barak Peled: You said to get some points.Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, proof points.Barak Peled: Sorry.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, sorry, mate.Barak Peled: That'sNicholas Clarkson: Yeah. All right. I'll take that as an action. So, I mean, yeah, long way round of saying there's probably a bit of work to do there first, but it's all good material. you know the the so the ad stuff is really for the broader audience right which is the you know our platform is totally ready for that.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, the tax.Nicholas Clarkson: Um yeah, the t you know doubling down tax, legal, finance.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.  
00:10:01
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um yeah. UmHassaan Ahmad: Could you help me understand the wider kind of go to market ecosystem that you have? Because for the next wave of ads, what I would like to do is make sure that one we're targeting the same people, right? So we're much more focused in our approach as you wanted, Nick. But the second one is each effort is complementaryary to the other, right? So I know you've got some good stuff going with LinkedIn and so forth. Could you help me understand exactly what you have, right? And then we can fill in the gaps there.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. So there's um network network networking which is with two sort of key partnerships you know we've we've realized that there's just a few people that actually do stuff.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: So um and then there's we've so no cold email and then it's LinkedIn outbound really just from mine and Roland's account. Roland is on a free plan which makes I don't know we've had some challenges with that. Um and with that we're we're using so we've got Phantom Buster now.  
00:11:17
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um, so for example, BR found this cool trick where you go search for a CEO that's a contact of Alec Burger, chairman on LinkedIn and it actually pulls all the people and then you copy that URL into Phantom Buster and then I go clean the list and then we put it into meet Alfred. So we go Alec Burger suggested we reach out. You're a CEO, right? It's it's a warmish. So, we're starting new tactics on that where it's a bit more or it's like an event. So, all these attendees at an event, we reach out to them. So, we're I would say there's a bit more science on our LinkedIn uh activity. That's that's it, right? I mean, we don't have anything else, guys, do we?Barak Peled: I mean mostly it's LinkedIn and I think look I've been to that conference which worked well and I think I will look for other legal tech events um that could that could open um interesting doors um as well. But we just had a meeting with the Ed right from PCCP and he said do the same with me.  
00:12:36
 Barak Peled: Run a search on my LinkedIn account let me know the names and and I'll just let you run with it. So I think that's really going to work for us. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Barack, can you show us or show me what that list looks like? I'm not that interested in names. I'm interested in format because there is a way in LinkedIn to target specific people as well. You can build a contact list and you can make sure that those are the people who see the ads. Yeah.Barak Peled: Ah. Um, you have exported those list, didn't you, Roly? We've exported Alex and Eric's lists, didn't we? Or Alex and Paul's.Roland Hangyas: Yeah, we we have those.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Roland Hangyas: Yeah.Barak Peled: Yeah. Then you can you can use those lists to h to hyper target the ads. Yeah. Now we can give it to you. There's no problem cuz we or what?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I'm assuming it's going to be LinkedIn profiles of all of those contacts.  
00:13:39
 Roland Hangyas: Yeah, it's it's LinkedIn profile URL, full name, first name, headline, and I think in most cases we also have their company URL.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Roland Hangyas: Yeah.Barak Peled: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That's helpful. And then um okay, event attendees. So that's going to be basically what I'd like to do is you know all the efforts that you're doing just keep us informed of those right.Roland Hangyas: Heat.Barak Peled: Heat.Hassaan Ahmad: So the events for example if you if you're targeting people from a certain event shoot us the link as well so that we could then include that in our list that we're scraping and make sure that if you're going to hit them with a LinkedIn direct message when they go to your feed they see a fusible ad as well and then you know we can figure out what other touch point we want to have with them but that's that's what I'd like to ensure.Barak Peled: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, Nick, I took your feedback about uh shed in shed out quite quite seriously. So, we want to make sure that we're we're targeting really strongly.  
00:14:43
 Hassaan Ahmad: Another idea that I had for the taxsp specific page was or tax specific outreach is can we do some sort of a like a webinar or some sort of sort of an event that we could position as hey pillar 2 requires or new standards for tax compliance require cross functional governance better coordination between teams blah blah blah. here's a new cool way of doing it, right? And we do that through a webinar. My experience has been events like that are really good for getting traction and because you're delivering a lot of value up front, right? The quality of leads that you get is much stronger, right? You get even if you get 20, 30, 40 registrants to it, those are people who who have are telling you that this is something that's interesting for us and we want to talkNicholas Clarkson: I I I think I think the answer is yes, but I just honestly we're not ready for it. I mean, we have to Well, I don't know enough about Pillar Two for starters, so I sound like an absolute moron.  
00:15:52
 Nicholas Clarkson: And then it's more of a WebEx and you know it's not this is not a Gmail invite. This is you know you can attend and we can maybe open up a call. It's just there's a time sucking but I I I would rather get our head around it so that we've got some material on the website that is aligning our proposition to pillar 2. And by doing that we'll have the knowledge and then we'll be ready to do something like that. So I I feel like we're trying to run before we can walk. I I honestly don't know pillar two that well, I just haven't at the time. So, um us saying we fully solve pillar two right now, but not knowing why. Like I've seen an alignment, but I couldn't go into the specifics of pillar two.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I'd have to read the literature. So, um,Hassaan Ahmad: So that's the cool thing. You don't have to be the expert. Yeah. The most successful webinars that I've ran in my career are where I brought in an expert, right?  
00:16:55
 Hassaan Ahmad: Somebody who has the credentials that we can just put as a, you know, on on the screen. And the format typically looks like two minutes or three minutes for the introductions. Then you go into a Q&A with that person for 15 minutes. or something like that. And the questions you can decide what they are going to be. So it's not open-ended. You can decide what the questions and the answers would be. And after that once you've done it in the next kind of 15 minutes you do a quick demo and you and it's basically structured as hey so from the conversation we picked up on these three things as critical for compliance in this new world. here's a cool way of doing it or here's the new way of doing it through fusible. You do that in 15 minutes. That's it. Just focus on those points and then that's it. You know,Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I mean, I I'd like to have an outline of that, but you know, this side of Christmas, I just think that's probably unrealistic.  
00:18:04
 Nicholas Clarkson: Um, I've got f I've got to find a pillar two expert. I've got to get, you know, it it's easy to say, not so easy to do. And I would I so I want to I think you're absolutely right. It does align credibility with a voice and free value. Uh it's just a case of timing. Um this side of Christmas I don't want I don't want to do it this side of Christmas.Hassaan Ahmad: So you want to do that. Yeah. So you want to do that this side of Christmas anyway because we've really got what six weeks and everybody's going to be busy wrapping up their year before they go on holiday for two weeks. So the way we would do it if we wanted to do it is spend Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: I just there's too much going on. There's a p there's a pile of initiatives. I I I I don't you know, January is not that far away. I'd rather just do a little bit of prep work and we've got some something on the website that speaks to it so that when we do host it and we found the right you know I've got let's say we find a pillar to expert we're still going to have to talk to them go right would you be okay to do a webinar when can you do it you know like just the reality of what's going on  
00:19:18
 Nicholas Clarkson: but like an outline structure what you're saying from January we start taking that approach because we are actually starting to interact and Barack found a list of pillar experts. So, we're reaching out to them and that might be a good reason to drop in. Hey, would you be okay to jump on a webinar with us? But, you know, nothing is overnight.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Like, it's it would literally be dropping other stuff in order to just shoehorn that in whenBarak Peled: I I also guess it's it's people need warning a little bit of time before they can book themselves in. So you don't want to leave people too short of a notice that you're doing. I mean look if we were doing a webinar or podcast on a weekly basis then people just jump on the next one but it's going to be an event that we do and if we don't give people enoughHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Barak Peled: time we don't give ourselves enough time to to push it to to our network and say come and join then then it's going to be a missed opportunity if I Okay.  
00:20:15
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, 100%. So, if you were to do it, it would need to be somewhere after the 15th of January, ideally last 10 days of January, if not later.Nicholas Clarkson: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, so that would be the date that you should target if you do it right. That gives you about three-ish months to get it done. You would want to advertise it for at least a month. And by advertising, I mean both through all channels, right? So you put that on your LinkedIn, you include that in your outreach and so forth. And you would want that month to conclude somewhere around so the month of advertising to so basically leading up to the event you should have at least 30 days of advertising if not more. Yeah. The sooner you do it the better it is you can start doing that with placeholders. So, we've done that plenty of times where we've said this is what the topic is going to be. Yeah. This is the date. This is the time.  
00:21:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: Speaker to be confirmed. Yeah. Or you don't even say speaker to be confirmed. You just start doing it that you you put it out there that this is what we're going to do and you start gathering some interest. In the meantime, you can then go to the list of speakers that could potentially speak and you can be like, "Hey, look, we're doing this event. Would love for you to come in and be on the webinar or be on the podcast. Would you do it?" Once you tell somebody that something's already scheduled, they're more likely to say yes as opposed to when you propose it as, "Hey, this is something that we might want to do." Yeah. So, you could do that. And once you found the right speaker, you can then figure out the right questions that lean intoNicholas Clarkson: that just as you're saying it, I mean, I think this is a brilliant idea, but just as you're saying it, you realize how much prep needs to go into it, right?  
00:22:21
 Barak Peled: working.Nicholas Clarkson: you know, we've got to do ad spend. Like, we're just we're just not ready. We're just not ready to do that, you know, or or like a blunt force could be, oh, we've got a white paper around pillar 2. Let's dump it in some LinkedIn groups and hey, download it here, right? Like, I know that's not ideal, but like that's something we could achieve, you know, in a week versus something that would take several weeks to prep because it's all about the opportunity cost of time. you know, channel creator, the GTM guys saying you got to get your blog content going. You've got to be posting twice a week, you know, push the network, you know, respond to all those emails, like the follow-ups, manage the pipeline. It's just like this is not doable. Everything has to be looked through the lens of what is doable within the immediate time frame. And I think that's sometimes where, you know, people point things out and it's like, yeah, we know, but we where the f*** is it going to go because there's nowhere to put it.  
00:23:22
 Nicholas Clarkson: So, but I think I like I you like having a structure where you say, "Right, this should be on your objective. Here's the structure of how you should prepare for it. When you're ready, follow this." And by then we'll have some materials, Q&As's, we'll have alignment of fus balls, some stuff on the website and all of a sudden we're kind of ready. Maybe we've spoken to some of these pillar to experts we're reaching to. It kind of will naturally come together and we could probably arrange it quite quickly. UmHassaan Ahmad: Should we, we've got eight minutes to go. Should we take that away as an action point? I can put together sort of like a calendar for the next kind of three, four months, right? Put these ideas in and then we can work back from it. Collaborate with Barack, with yourself. We could slot in all the activities that you're doing and that would give us a realistic picture of what's achievable when we can align all the activities to it.  
00:24:26
 Hassaan Ahmad: How does that sound?Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, I mean if that's pillar two initiatives, it's it's might be get a deck a white paper ready or Q&A on the website and then chuck it in some groups. you know that's we could do that's a shortterm deliverable once that's done and you've aligned you know interact with those pillar two experts that you're now connected to and start formulating a plan then do some ad spend aroundHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Barak Peled: It did.Nicholas Clarkson: it maybe once the tax you know landing page is live there's a bit more copy on there um you know it's like there's a few missing pieces I think so Yeah, just a structure around that I think would be really good.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, let me put that together. Right, I'll share a draft. Love some feedback. Right, let's build it a mutual action calendar so that everything that we're doing is completely aligned. Uh quick question on the deck and the other material that you're talking about. When do you have that in the pipe?  
00:25:31
 Hassaan Ahmad: Are you currently working on it or is that aspirational at this stage?Nicholas Clarkson: I mean, I've been told to do a private equity deck, a fund administrator deck, a fund admin landing page, a tax landing page, a fund admin homepage. Like, yeah, it's like what's what's first? So um you know we want to do a bespoke one for Saltgate again that's all like it just it's a day a day a day a day you know yeahHassaan Ahmad: So realistically, if you were to put an ETA on it,Nicholas Clarkson: I don't know to think I think this side this side of Christmas I want to do the fun dab in deck first cuz we've had quite a good interaction with them and we can really spell out where where we're going to help them and then the tax one. Yeah. I don't know in maybe in November I would say we could have a a white paper of sorts around it. It's we need Huh.Barak Peled: November is a year. You said November.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.  
00:26:41
 Nicholas Clarkson: It's 1st of October, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Barak Peled: Oh, okay. No. No. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I mean a white paper. Yeah. I mean, or a deck.Barak Peled: Yeah. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: What we're calling it, a deck of some kind, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Okay. Have you written white papers before, Nick? Any?Nicholas Clarkson: No, I've never I've never built a startup before either.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay. Do you have a format or something?Barak Peled: No can do it.Hassaan Ahmad: Sorry.Barak Peled: CL does it very well.Nicholas Clarkson: So, I mean, everything is new.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's that's exactly where the question was going.Nicholas Clarkson: Roland's never never doneHassaan Ahmad: You know, it sounds like you've got a lot on your plate. If we're going to run the tax page, let me take a stab at the white paper as well. Yeah, let me take that off your plate because whatever effort we do, I want to make sure that it has a lot it has the most chance of success.  
00:27:26
 Nicholas Clarkson: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: And if this is going to help me, um, I might as well just do it. Yeah.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I mean, what we want to try and do is map that somehow to our features, which is where maybe it might be a bit trickier for you. Um, I mean, the GPT has some stuff in there. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. I mean, it's not going to be a silo, right? So, I'm going to do it. I'll send that to you and then that takes you 40% of the way or 50% hopefully more. And then you can either provide the guidance or ask your team to do it. Yeah. Okay. So, two touch points I'm taking away is I'm going to figure out a way to use the text language and try to build it into a text white paper. The other thing is come up with a content calendar and and you know figure out you know over the next kind of four to six months what are the things that we want to do that would add leverage to all of the efforts that we're doing.  
00:28:32
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Um the tax copy is ready. So haveNicholas Clarkson: We'll review. Yeah. Yeah, we'll review that. I mean, P can probably knock that up pretty quickly. Um, we're in a boss. I remember we have some ad credit, don't we? So, we could actually could actually remember.Roland Hangyas: Yeah. We had about $300 worth of ad credit.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Roland Hangyas: Um I think it's about a year.Nicholas Clarkson: So we could we could use that maybe.Hassaan Ahmad: Does that have an expiry Roland?Roland Hangyas: You you have a year to use it up and we got it in August or September of this year.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Roland Hangyas: SoHassaan Ahmad: Okay, let's keep that in the back pocket, right?Barak Peled: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Let's get these building blocks ready and then let's go to market with it.Nicholas Clarkson: There's you're going to think I'm totally mad, but um we've already started making improvements to the website direction.Roland Hangyas: What's that?Nicholas Clarkson: I don't know if you see this, but like we've we've started pulling stuff into Spline.  
00:29:39
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Nicholas Clarkson: Um we found another website which is super cool, right? It's It's more just removing the color noise. But um I log into Spline.Hassaan Ahmad: Good.Nicholas Clarkson: We're still following the same structure as before. So it's actually it's actually not a lot of work. But like I'll show you this. Um yeah.Barak Peled: Guys, I I've got a 3:00. So, but I mean Nick, sorry. It's just beautiful the black background. Wow. It's so pretty.Hassaan Ahmad: Whoa.Barak Peled: Wow.Nicholas Clarkson: So we're Yeah, exactly. And you can you can just recut an image and use it as a social asset. That's that's the thing. You add another dimension. So you can reuse the same images and it looks like something different. Um so we're we're going to be using that for just building a few more 3D assets. So it's actually not that hard for us to do. So we've already started that because I I want to be able to pump.  
00:30:40
 Nicholas Clarkson: This is where we can be completely different from our competitors. It's like great, our website looks better already, but this is like the next level and social assets. Chucking that into LinkedIn, people would be like, "Holy holy s***, this maybe is the next generation. forHassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that was seriously cool. I've seen things, but that I really liked. Can you I don't know if if you can record like a 30 second video of it even with your phone and shoot that across to me.Nicholas Clarkson: what? Four.Hassaan Ahmad: I just want to share that with Anan who's not here and tell him to I'm sure he does.Nicholas Clarkson: He he knows about Spline.Hassaan Ahmad: Uh but it's really cool, Nick.Nicholas Clarkson: I I'll drop it in the I'll drop it in the channel. All right.Hassaan Ahmad: See you.Roland Hangyas: See you.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, all right. So, yeah. Um, ad spend. Uh, do I want to use it? I mean, just to keep, you know, it keeps the ad.  
00:31:45
 Hassaan Ahmad: the $300.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah. I mean, it's free. f*** it. I mean what?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I would love to use it. Use it on what is the question. Look, if the expiry is one year, Roland, if you could verify that, that would be good. Um, if the expiry is one year, then we could use it as additional firepower for the for the tax page that we do, right? So, obviously, we'd put in the budget as we talked about. Um, and that would just help. I don't want to just blow the budget just to keep the ads going because 300 would realistically get us 3 days. That doesn't really help, right? So I would much rather do it when the pot is much bigger. So my recommendNicholas Clarkson: My my concern is if we're not right now there is you know people are asking investors ex Koga how's the ad campaign going and it's like you know it's bored because of X you know and this is partly that we haven't touched on it but the list that Roland's pulling I don't we've actually I need to upgrade right Roland we we in about two weeks we might actually have the yeah  
00:33:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Roland Hangyas: Yep. It's just it's just replying to the lady and she she'll do the upgrade. But yeah, it's it's it's an internal promotion that we got because we beat the table long enough for them to give us a promotion. Let's go.Hassaan Ahmad: Love that.Nicholas Clarkson: did did the work there soHassaan Ahmad: Realistically, 300 is not going to do much, right? So if the motivation behind answering that question and to show something to the investors is I think the the the the answer to them should be hey we did a pilot for a month right that gave us good data but we're taking the insights and we're recalibrating the approach to make sure that the next thing we do is is more the posts yeah that I think could work I don't remember how much we were spending onNicholas Clarkson: What about what about using it for just boost the boosting which is much cheaper?Hassaan Ahmad: it. Give me one sec. So, we were doing Oh, no. This Yeah, I think that could work.  
00:34:34
 Hassaan Ahmad: Should we do it again?Nicholas Clarkson: just just being efficient with it. Um I just don't know like if if my my posts are they're more about specific topics and whether that promotes fusible or not. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Should we do it? Once we have the tax page ready, you can do some posting specific to the tax topic. We boost that, put the ads behind it, and that just makes the whole kind of wheel go faster.Nicholas Clarkson: yeah, I just got to tax post then, haven't I? Um, yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We could help with that obviously.Nicholas Clarkson: All right, let's um let's just keep it up our sleeve for now. We can decide next week.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, just let me know when the expiry is.Nicholas Clarkson: Um, I think it's got ages.Roland Hangyas: Yeah, just just one.Nicholas Clarkson: Actually, I do think it's got ages, but we don't have ages. That's That's the problem.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Roland Hangyas: Yeah, it it says um the expiry date says the 12th of uh August 26. Now, what I'm I'm not entirely sure.  
00:35:38
 Hassaan Ahmad: Oh, perfect.Roland Hangyas: It says credit exhausted, but I don't see that we've used it. And the amount is here, but then the remaining amount is zero. So, I I don't I'm not entirely sure how or when this would have been used. Um assuming that we haven't used it yet. Um because this I think this needs to be applied before you launch a campaign, right?Hassaan Ahmad: 12. Yeah.Roland Hangyas: So correct.Nicholas Clarkson: Did a de did a deal use it as part of the spend?Hassaan Ahmad: Now, so this was redeemed on the 12th of August.Roland Hangyas: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, we started our campaigns in September, I believe.Nicholas Clarkson: Yeah, but that's when the credit was I think that's when we took the credit, but I don't know when we used it.Roland Hangyas: Yeah, pay payment activity just shows the um yeah, the payments that were made on on various states, but I don't I don't see uh the actual date of of the credit used if it was used. Um but this this doesn't show that there's anything remaining. SoHassaan Ahmad: Look, either way, I mean, wasn't going to be enough anyway. Let's see.Roland Hangyas: cool.  
Transcription ended after 00:37:48

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
