---
source: Google Meet Transcript
original_file: Mike/Hassaan - Europe expansion opp – 2026/01/12 11:28 GMT – Notes by Gemini
exported: 2026-01-17T18:36:12.852Z
meeting_date: 2026-01-12T12:00:42.677Z
---


Mike/Hassaan - Europe expansion opp - Transcript
00:00:00
 Mike Newman: Hassan,Hassaan Ahmad: Hey Mike,Mike Newman: how are you? Good.Hassaan Ahmad: how are you?Mike Newman: Sorry, I'm a bit late. Sorry, just finishing another call. How are you? How's yourHassaan Ahmad: And oh thank you.Mike Newman: weekend?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah the weekend was amazing. Uh so I was in Pakistan for December just visiting folks andMike Newman: Oh, right.Hassaan Ahmad: every Yeah. So this was the first real weekend back.Mike Newman: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: Just took the son to his football practice just uh you know got the car car washed and stuff. So very typical but it felt very you know like uh he is twoMike Newman: What age what age is your son?Hassaan Ahmad: and a half so he's just started club.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: So up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up and cominging rising football star is he. SoHassaan Ahmad: Let's see if only he would listen. He just loves to kick.  
00:01:48
 Mike Newman: Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: He loves to run um in dribble as well, but he just Yeah. doesn't listen. Of course,Mike Newman: Oh well.Hassaan Ahmad: could be something that we're working on.Mike Newman: As long as he's having fun, that's the main thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: So yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. How How old areMike Newman: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: yours?Mike Newman: Uh so I've got one I've got two girls. One's 10 and one's 11.Hassaan Ahmad: All right.Mike Newman: So they're this year they'll be 11 and 12 this year.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Mike Newman: So um yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: AllMike Newman: So uh yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: right.Mike Newman: there they're great brilliant brilliant fun though. It just they it's amazing how they uh they just it just I think it just gets easier basically as the older they get kind of thing. And because they're quite close in age,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: there's only about uh How many months? How might I not know? It's 17 months between them.  
00:02:41
 Mike Newman: So they, you know, they're pretty much the older they get,Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: the more level they get in terms of being able to, you know, play with each other and keep each other occupied and all that sort of stuff without without too many fallouts. So um yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, I was going to say must be best friends.Mike Newman: yeah, they they are I would I don't know if I'd go that far yet. I'm sure they will become best friends, but they are definitely very very good friends, you know.Hassaan Ahmad: That's amazing.Mike Newman: So,Hassaan Ahmad: That's that's what we need. I visited a friend over the weekend and he's got uh twin boys,Mike Newman: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: four year olds. He was like they're inseparable. Like we take them to school and we tell teacher to not let them play with each other soMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. To try and get used toHassaan Ahmad: that no,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: they just want to play with each other.  
00:03:27
 Mike Newman: Yeah. It's good. It's all good.Hassaan Ahmad: Good.Mike Newman: So, um, but yeah, it's a quiet quiet time of year. So, we just it's, uh, we just did a lot of, um, bulk bulk cooking basically to prepare for the rest of Jan., you know, it's almost just like because it's been so busy over Christmas and New Year and so many meals out and nights out and all that sort of stuff. And, um, it's h it's quite nice to have a bit of bit of a rest bite through January. So, it's all the stocking up the freezer with some good home cooking and all that sort of stuff. That was pretty much the the highlight of the weekend.Hassaan Ahmad: That's amazing. Anything uh what's your uh what's the mic special?Mike Newman: Oh, well, well, I did. So, I I make uh well, at the weekend I made uh steak and Guinness pie, the stew for the pie, which I bulk bulk cook it and then that's so we had it on Saturday and everybody loved it.  
00:04:20
 Mike Newman: is perfect for this weather, you know, when it, you know, see having like a steak pie like pastry and the the pie and potato, you know, it's just really like quite wholesome food.Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Newman: And then on Sunday,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: my and then Sunday, my wife made she bulk made a whole lot of bolognese, but I cooked dinner, which was a I made my own uh like a garlic chili chicken curry. Um, so I basically I uh this is really really nerdy really food nerdy but I I pickle the garlic for and and you know I keep it you know the longerHassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Newman: you keep it the better it gets. So I pickle it and I store it for maybe like six months. It usually gets used up within six months but I pick create a big jar of it and then you use that as the to you add that into your curry sauce that you know. So I make meet obviously the curry sauce and add that into it and manade the chicken in it and stuff like that and it's it's really it's a proper restaurant quality.  
00:05:20
 Hassaan Ahmad: bring out the taste.Mike Newman: It's amazing. Yeah. It's it's so even even the kid I mean my wife loves it. I love it. And but even the kids have got and even though it's pick you know the pickle pickle flavor is even though it's not that strong it's still not one that kids would readily jump to. But um but to be honest,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: they've they they've both been eating uh curries since they were 6 months old. So that's just they're just used to it.Hassaan Ahmad: That's amazing.Mike Newman: So uh yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: And have they started showing some interest inMike Newman: some of them will help me. Yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: cooking?Mike Newman: the the the younger one was helping me with some of the uh cooking prep that I did for Christmas, the Christmas dinner. So, she was getting involved in some of that and she was she kept saying, "Oh, Dad, you know, when I grow up and you need to give me your recipe for lentil soup because it's the best lentil soup that the one you make at Christmas is the best one I've ever had." So,  
00:06:16
 Hassaan Ahmad: AllMike Newman: so they they so they love that.Hassaan Ahmad: right.Mike Newman: And the younger one was really she she's definitely got it in her mind that she doesn't want to leave home, you know, you not not that she's thinking to leave no, but she doesn't want to grow up not knowing how to make that soup kind of thing.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: So, she helped make it h just before Christmas. So that was good. She the kind of um and so and also I think when you get them involved and you get them tasting and adjusting things themselves, they have a sense of ownership of what the end product is. So they're more likely to try it, you know, if it's something off, you know, that they maybe wouldn't normally have tried. um you know like for some reason ours our kids have never been into bland foods you know so things like but you know things like a mashed potato with a steak pie even though it goes really well with the gravy you know cuz it absorbs the gravy and it really  
00:07:05
 Hassaan Ahmad: Mhm.Mike Newman: works with it from a kid's point of view it's just bland white food and so they would normally never have touchedHassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: it but the younger one h came into the kitchen while I was cooking it and said do you want to try a bit and help me adjust the seasoning or you whatever and she try and she went she went oh my that's really lovely can I have some tonight and she never eaten that before um and then IHassaan Ahmad: H. Wow.Mike Newman: had extra and on lunchtime and Saturday I had extra mushrooms left over that I didn't put in the pie so I made a quick kind of um garlic mushrooms and toast for lunch the kids have never eaten mushroom they've always avoided the texture they I don't like the texture of mushrooms and all that and again the younger one tried that and went That's delicious, daddy. And so then the older one went, "Oh, hang on a minute. Let me try something." She went, "Yeah, that's delicious. I, you know, so all of a sudden they've gone from this weekend not liking mushrooms to both actually liking them, you know.  
00:08:06
 Mike Newman: So, it's all progress.Hassaan Ahmad: That's amazing.Mike Newman: It's, you know, these things, it's all progress." But I always think you got to keep pushing their boundaries a little bit because they don't know what they don't know. And so they will always retreat back to their com if all if all they know is, you know, I've I've get nephews that my sister all she used to feed them is and in restaurants they would just go in and they would they would get the children's menu and then all the kids choose as chicken nuggets and chips, right?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: We've never done that with our kids. We've never given them a when we and we eat out a lot, but we always just get them to eat. They they when they were younger, they would just have part of whatever we were having,Hassaan Ahmad: I think that's the right thing to do asMike Newman: you know. Yeah. Cuz it gets them out. So then they're not thinking that that that they don't even know.  
00:08:44
 Hassaan Ahmad: well.Mike Newman: I don't think we've even had a chicken nugget ever, you know. So anyway, so we just do stuff like that. So it's all all very very domestic weekend. But anyway, there you go.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Mike Newman: So yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that's the best kind of weekend I think especially after festivities of the previous month, you know, just good to just take it slow,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: spend some time with the family, kind of recharge a little bit.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's amazing.Mike Newman: And I do I do a in January me and quite a few of my friends and my wife as well actually we do a a sort of 5k a day running challenge you know so we you know it's likeHassaan Ahmad: burn off all the calories you've gained.Mike Newman: basically what's that basically that'sHassaan Ahmad: To burn off all the calories you've uhMike Newman: exact that's exactly what it is but it's also just to get back into I mean I you know IHassaan Ahmad: you'veMike Newman: normally exercise regularly anyway but by by doing the running like forcing yourself back into a full 31 days in a row makes a massive difference.  
00:09:43
 Mike Newman: Like every time I do it, you know, my body fat drops massively over the month.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Uh resting heart rate drops massively and you feel it. I feel like it's always like a reset back in. So I always come out of it feeling back into, you know, feeling super fit again.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Mike Newman: So well, not super fit. I don't think I've ever felt super fit, but anyway. Um so yeah, so we were doing doing that as well, getting some running in.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah, that's what I've started doing as well.Mike Newman: SoHassaan Ahmad: So, I've historically not been very good with the not been consistent with the exercise because I used to travel a lot. Um,Mike Newman: yeah,Hassaan Ahmad: and because I was traveling, I would get into it and then I would travel and then, you know,Mike Newman: the obsess.Hassaan Ahmad: just so now I don't know if I mentioned,Mike Newman: I know. I've been there. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but um, yeah. So, I'm I've I've come full-time on remote here.  
00:10:31
 Mike Newman: Oh,Hassaan Ahmad: So,Mike Newman: have you?Hassaan Ahmad: pre Yeah.Mike Newman: Did you? Right. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: when did you hand your notice in or when did you finish up?Hassaan Ahmad: So 19th of December was the lastMike Newman: And did you Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: day.Mike Newman: Right. Wow. Brilliant. Okay. And how you feeling?Hassaan Ahmad: More energized than I felt in the past decade I want to.Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay. Good.Hassaan Ahmad: So energized really kind of focused.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Um we've been doing some great work. When you go to our website you would see um quite quite a few things that we've changed and it's we just you know we we did everything that we say to our customers right we did the PMF. were like, "Holy s***, that that works great." You know,Mike Newman: Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: and market started pulling us and I was I started putting 11our daysMike Newman: Okay. Yeah.  
00:11:14
 Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: like could stay married and I could be a good dad to my kid and theMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: business,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but I can't both thing.Mike Newman: Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There's only so many hours in the day, so Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Exactly.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's feeling really good and uh hopefully,Mike Newman: Good.Hassaan Ahmad: you know, this is going to be a really really good year.Mike Newman: Yeah, brilliant. Okay, good. Yeah, fingers crossed. I hope uh I hope it all I'm sure it will all go well, I think. Um but uh that's brilliant. Yeah. Yeah, good for you. Good for you. It's a big it's a a big step,Hassaan Ahmad: What's that?Mike Newman: but you know, some you've got to take it at some point and you just got to, you know, you've just got to commit at some point. So, you've you've done it and uh yep,  
00:11:50
 Hassaan Ahmad: Absolutely.Mike Newman: more power to you. So,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Now, thank you for that and uh thanks for your support. You know, it was uh just seeing the good results coming in and you know, seeing just hearing the feedback,Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: seeing the impact you're making,Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: it just it just made it very veryMike Newman: Yeah. It's going great. Yeah. I mean,Hassaan Ahmad: easy.Mike Newman: I was going through the figures with I know you were asking them at some of the meetings there. So, I think we've got um most of them we've had meetings with. There was a couple that haven't come back to us, which were Zenedine and DGH I think were the two I think they're the two that we were still trying to get a hold of basically, but we'll we'll keep James is going to follow up with them again. He followed up last week and he followed up again this week. So, we'll just keep at them to try and get them to the table.  
00:12:39
 Mike Newman: But um but uh yeah, I think out of the I think I think we've in total we've had uh nine leads through we think. Um,Hassaan Ahmad: Sure.Mike Newman: two of them probably aren't qualifying as an MQL cuz they're too small, which is MES and Vert Vert Vertigo,Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: I think it is. Um, but the the other seven are all Yep. are all uh perfectly valid MQLs and they're now getting nurtured through the sales process.Hassaan Ahmad: Amazing.Mike Newman: So, it's all good.Hassaan Ahmad: Look,Mike Newman: Yep. Brilliant.Hassaan Ahmad: good quality. Happy about that.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Indeed.Hassaan Ahmad: As a seller,Mike Newman: Indeed.Hassaan Ahmad: what used to piss me off was seeing an MQL come in because instinctively I was like, this is going to be a waste of my time, right? So, moving away from that to hey, you know, this is converting, this is high quality. It's just that's what I wanted to do for myself and for others.Mike Newman: Yep.  
00:13:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: So,Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: good post on that.Mike Newman: It'sHassaan Ahmad: Um,Mike Newman: great.Hassaan Ahmad: what's James' process? Actually, that's more of a question for him.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll get some time with him just what process is like because there's small things that youMike Newman: Yeah. Yep. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: know notes that we can share with each other in terms of how to maximize theMike Newman: Okay. Yeah. Perfect.Hassaan Ahmad: conversion thing has always been just remove theMike Newman: Yep. Definitely open toHassaan Ahmad: friction and increase the velocity of them hitting the button and you speaking to them right and IMike Newman: Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: do not like putting emails in if I get an MQL I literally just pick up the phoneMike Newman: Yeah. Okay. Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: and call them out like hey great speaking in a week's time.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's really curious how can I help prepare?Mike Newman: Yeah.  
00:14:09
 Hassaan Ahmad: What can I do to make sure that that's the best hour you're going to spend day?Mike Newman: Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Um, and because it's top of mind for them, it just works really well.Mike Newman: Okay. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Really well.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Hey, I'll exchange notes for them. But,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: um, I'm just conscious of time.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We got this this one in was to discuss the European opportunity.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I've been thinking very deeply about it and as pissed as I am at, you know, our neighbors across across the Atlantic,Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: it feels like they're handing us an opportunity which hasn't existed before, right? If I think back about if I think back in history, Europe and the US have always been together, right?Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: But now I'm seeing so I'm looking at social channels on Reddit.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I'm looking at some commentary.  
00:15:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: I'm looking at posts. People are mad,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: And when this happened in the in Canada, you might remember that he wanted to make Canada his 51st province and so forth.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That was an unlock for a lot of Canadian businesses where they just where the public sentiment shifted from US is okay or US is to screw the US,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: we just want Canadian and we just want Canadian.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That just helped really well,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? And I'm seeing the same opportunity here where everybody's overexposed,Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: especially in your industry to the US.Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: Any big enterprise you go to or any even medium enterprise you go to,Mike Newman: Mhm.Hassaan Ahmad: you would find the same companies. You'd find Octar, you find, you know, Last Pass,Mike Newman: Exactly.Hassaan Ahmad: One Password,Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: you might find Bollocks, but they're not playing the same angle we want to play.  
00:15:52
 Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I wanna, if you're on board with it,Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I want to go heavy into, hey, the US is coming for what's yours. They just want what's yours and you have given them the keys,Mike Newman: Yep. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: That's the message in my mind.Mike Newman: Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: We can change,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: We can make it politically better if you wanted to,Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but the harder it hits,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: the better it's going to perform.Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: We go from that angle and if we unlock maybe, you know, three or four European large European enterprises,Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I think that's great.Mike Newman: Yeah. Yep. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: What works really well for you is the UK residency,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right?Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: And even better than that, your keys don't sit on your servers.Mike Newman: Yeah.  
00:16:32
 Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: That's incredible, right?Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That that's the sovereignity angle that we play in.Mike Newman: Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: No matter what happens, right,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: they're going to be the owner of theirMike Newman: Yep. So it's almost like double like you know twofold you know one the data is stored in in theHassaan Ahmad: keys.Mike Newman: UK anyway all and and backed up so it's all there's nothing outside of the UK borders I think at some point we will be uh de we're not quite there yet just because we don't have the demand from other European countries but we will set other data uh hosting locations around the world as and whenHassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Mhm.Mike Newman: we start to win business from these areas. But it's very expensive for us to, you know, for us to build and replicate what we've got in the UK would cost, you know, a six figure sum peranom to to to create in a differentHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: region.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: So we're in Microsoft,  
00:17:29
 Hassaan Ahmad: Where are youMike Newman: so we're in London at the moment.Hassaan Ahmad: hosted?Mike Newman: So we're l it's it's called it's it's classed as Microsoft South and Microsoft West are the two kind of two uh data centers that we are uh spread across in terms of our you know resilience and DR capabilities.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: Um and we've got we've got some customers that actually we've we've agreed contractually there that it is going to be the UK and nothing outside the UK that's used you know.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Mike Newman: So,Hassaan Ahmad: that must be financial services, NHS, etc.,Mike Newman: so actually it's it's police a police one particular police force that haveHassaan Ahmad: etc.Mike Newman: stipulated that. I think generally we've been because most of the other organizations are generally as you say used to other bigger US enterprises. they're actually we're not seeing the same that same level of scrutiny and we only saw it once from a from one of the policeHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: forces that we deal with and that was when they be first became a customer eight years ago or something.  
00:18:29
 Mike Newman: Um so um but it's you know so we will we will expand and you know set up a European pop and maybe a US one or a Canadian one or something but we'll we'll we'll buildHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: it based on demand.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Yeah. I think that would be good.Mike Newman: UmHassaan Ahmad: Even you know moving to Ireland is going to I mean Ireland's Europe right so that justMike Newman: yeah Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: solves everything.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: um when I thought about how to take this opportunity to or basically how to execute on this opportunity I don't want to go wide right I think there's pockets where we could tap into the sentiment and tap into the opportunity and the fact that you know everybody needs to speak English because I don't want to go and sell in Portugal when you know there's going to be the language barrier is going to be so huge I think the Nordics are where we should start simply because they just hate them right now and facing the double threat.  
00:19:21
 Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, Russia on one side, US on the other.Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: We start in the Nordics um and then make a rapid quick run at Germany and France as well.Mike Newman: Okay. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: That should validate the opportunity,Mike Newman: The only the only thing with Germany is I I do feel and again I might be wrong in this butHassaan Ahmad: right?Mike Newman: I think that because Germany is generally so highly regulated quiteHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: often they will stipulate that it's a it is an EU hosted serviceHassaan Ahmad: Cool.Mike Newman: if not a German hosted server but but generally EU hosted service now competitors like Octa will tick that box because they will say well you can have your data in German in Europe, right?Hassaan Ahmad: So I thought of that and yeah I mean yes octaMike Newman: Okay. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: will so look there's the process which you absolutely have to meetMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right especially if you go into the regulated industries and so  
00:20:19
 Mike Newman: Uh-huh. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: forth there's no running away from that process but I think what we can also doMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: is hey your entire approach so actually call it out and say your entire approach has focused on the data residency But who the hell has your keys?Mike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It doesn't matter where your data is because if they'veMike Newman: It's only It's only accessible where the keys are located.Hassaan Ahmad: got so under the US cloudMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: act,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: anybody can pull their data. It doesn't matter if the data is UK hosted or you know if they invoke the cloud act your dataMike Newman: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: is their data and your keys are their keys because they're the hold it asMike Newman: Uh-huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Good.Hassaan Ahmad: I will login you hold the keys doesn't where the data  
00:21:06
 Mike Newman: Yeah. In in fact, we So, we used to have a US bank that was a customer for quite a few years and they that's how we got them is we used that same rationale that actually because they were saying, "Oh, we want it US hosted." And we said, "Well, we're not there yet." But the keys are over here. They eventually they they they got rid of the re it was via reseller and long story short they're no longer a customer unfortunately but but that was how we got them in the first place was that same argument that the keys were only the key they retained the keys and the dataHassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: is only accessible with the corresponding keys that were used to encrypt it.Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah. Okay.Mike Newman: Okay. All right. Yep. Good. Sounds good.Hassaan Ahmad: Sounds like Yeah.Mike Newman: Yeah. I like it. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: So, it sounds like we're aligned on building something and then seeing if you want  
00:21:52
 Mike Newman: Yep. What what are you thinking in terms of so who are you thinking in terms of buyerHassaan Ahmad: to.Mike Newman: persona?Hassaan Ahmad: I want to go large. So, SMB to large. So,Mike Newman: Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: not the reason I want to go large is because they are the ones who who have the budget and who have the urgency.Mike Newman: What and what type of role within firms companies?Hassaan Ahmad: Uh, what do you mean? Sorry.Mike Newman: What what type of role within companies would we target?Hassaan Ahmad: No, I mean large firm. So I want to go enterprise,Mike Newman: Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: large enterprise in the Nordics and I want to so obviously inMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: the Nordics there's you know you've got your shipping, you've got your financial services which is a big one um all financial services and theMike Newman: Yeah. Okay. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: subarticles. I think that's going to be really interesting for us. But also because you've got such great um case studies in  
00:22:41
 Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: healthcare, in law enforcement, etc. I want to play those angles as well.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: What we would do is we would the narrative that I would create is not going to be focused on one industry.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: It's going to be focused on the threat and the lack of sovereignity so forth,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: right? So that it can scale across others.Mike Newman: And who what level what we talking like CIO type level kindHassaan Ahmad: I don't like set.Mike Newman: of.Hassaan Ahmad: So I just don't like selling to technicalMike Newman: Yeah. Okay. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: buyers stuff down and they don't really care aboutMike Newman: So, yeah. Okay. No.Hassaan Ahmad: things care about it when the CEO asks,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: "Hey,Mike Newman: What are we doing about this?Hassaan Ahmad: are we?" So they're more of a secondary kind of user.Mike Newman: Uhhuh. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I wouldn't target the same kind of users that we're targeting for the one we're going after the problem  
00:23:37
 Mike Newman: Okay. Sounds good. Yeah. Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: or business owners where we're going after people who have to stand up and investMike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: in and protected againstMike Newman: Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Why why are you you Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: that.Mike Newman: Why are you doing that? Why are you leaving us exposed to that risk of the US accessing our data?Hassaan Ahmad: Yeah.Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay,Hassaan Ahmad: So that's the kind of people we would go after. Um,Mike Newman: great.Hassaan Ahmad: I would start creating an audience list second. I would create the messaging first, make sure that the message is aligned.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I obviously instinctively want to go as hard as possible, but I do realize that, you know, we don't want to close the US doors. So, we're going to have to strike a balance. So, we'll work on that message.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: We'll make sure that that's something that you're happy with and then we can we can take that to  
00:24:22
 Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay. Great.Hassaan Ahmad: market. In terms of budget, I think we'll start off with um either we'll take the 500 that you said we could use and dependMike Newman: Yeah. Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: over here or if starts if that starts working really well.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: So this is going to take about two weeks to for us if that starts working really well in the meantime then we have thatMike Newman: Yeah. Yep. Yep. and and review it then.Hassaan Ahmad: conversation and we can see so that's the goal.Mike Newman: Okay. Yep. Yep. Okay. Great. Brilliant. Sounds great.Hassaan Ahmad: Um awesome.Mike Newman: I love it. I think it's a fantastic idea. Well done. Yeah. It's brilliant. I loveHassaan Ahmad: All right let me get to work on that.Mike Newman: it.Hassaan Ahmad: I will send some messaging across maybe end of the week start next and then we'll take it from there.  
00:25:00
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: perfect.Mike Newman: Brilliant.Hassaan Ahmad: Um,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: one last thing, Mike. Sorry.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Anything else on that before I jump to next?Mike Newman: No, no, no.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay,Mike Newman: That sounds great.Hassaan Ahmad: cool. Um, I realized I was doing an audit and I realized I made a mistake last month. Um, I didn't send you an invoice last month because I'd set that as a manual step as opposed to an automated one that comes through. realize that if I send it now that would mean two invoices that you have to pay me. I'm happy to split it if you want me to.Mike Newman: Uh-huh.Hassaan Ahmad: What would work best forMike Newman: Um,Hassaan Ahmad: you?Mike Newman: well, I think this would be the So, this would be the third invoice, wouldn't it? For the third month.Hassaan Ahmad: This would be the third one. Yeah. So, the first one was November. Then we did then we we had initially decided that we were going to pause December,  
00:25:40
 Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but because December started working,Mike Newman: Yes.Hassaan Ahmad: we didn't pause it. And good thing that we didn't because we got the good leads.Mike Newman: Oh, so we didn't p Okay, we didn't I thought I thought we'd paused it, but there was still a leg. I didn't realize we hadn't paused it. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: So,Mike Newman: Right.Hassaan Ahmad: we kept that going because, you know, it was working. So,Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I uh I do realize that that's my mistake.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: I don't want to put you in any kind ofMike Newman: Okay. Uh No, no, no. Just uh you know,Hassaan Ahmad: trouble.Mike Newman: it's okay. It's just um that's fine. Just let me uh I just need to figure out how I correct my messaging to the board, but it's fine. That's okay. Um because I I'd actually said that these leads had come in despite the fact that we'd paused the camp.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: I thought it was just a a lag and you know there was still stuff trickling in off the  
00:26:28
 Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: but anyway it's fine. Um uh so yeah. Okay. So but so what you when are you thinking you would be sending that invoiceHassaan Ahmad: Look,Mike Newman: then?Hassaan Ahmad: I again I don't want to create any cash flow issues or whatever, right? So, you tell me when you're happy how you want me to splitMike Newman: I think so.Hassaan Ahmad: it.Mike Newman: So we've got So we had one in November,Hassaan Ahmad: The December one I skipped January that you've already paidMike Newman: December one was skipped. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: butMike Newman: So I mean I'm Yeah, I'm okay with I just need to make sure the invoices say on them what they again because the accountants will so as long as long as it's clear what the period is that it's covering. So what what period would this cover then?Hassaan Ahmad: that be December and then the month of December.Mike Newman: the calendar month ofHassaan Ahmad: Yeah,Mike Newman: December.Hassaan Ahmad: I will double check the exact dates and I'll make sure I'll shoot that across in a in a Slack and then we can make sure that  
00:27:29
 Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: that works is the JanuaryMike Newman: And and so the one that's just been paid that would cover that's the Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: oneMike Newman: So we've paid the January. This would be a retrospective cover for the December, right? Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: correct.Mike Newman: Got it. Okay. As long as it says that in the invoice, that's fine. Yeah. I'm I'm happy with that.Hassaan Ahmad: should be cool.Mike Newman: So Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. At some point in the next kind of week or so, we should start thinking about what we want to do with this contract.Mike Newman: Uhhuh.Hassaan Ahmad: Um because we initially had a three-month term.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: No, no. Um looks like things are going well,Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: but you know, would love to have that conversation and see if youMike Newman: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Def definitely. I mean I think you know all comes down to um again it's just back to  
00:28:01
 Hassaan Ahmad: want.Mike Newman: we need to get some to to make it a success. We've got to we've got to convert now.Hassaan Ahmad: Of course. Yeah.Mike Newman: Um and uh you know so so I think um yeah we just need we need another bit of time I guess through this this month to try and make some progress on that. OhHassaan Ahmad: of course. Yeah, I think conversion is again like I said,Mike Newman: yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: I'll talk to James and you know we can share some notes on that. Um with the large ones, you're going to have your process as well. Um quality is something that I control. I'll make that that keeps flowing through because I hate my reps wasting timeMike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: on bad things.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: Like I'm sure you're the same as cool.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: Okay.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Like that's great. Uh leave the European thing with me. I will work on it.Mike Newman: Yep.Hassaan Ahmad: I will share some messaging with you.Mike Newman: Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Really that Trump is handing us a gift here.Mike Newman: Yeah. Okay.Hassaan Ahmad: Awesome.Mike Newman: Yeah.Hassaan Ahmad: All right. Anything else that you had on your mind?Mike Newman: Uh no, no, nothing. That's uh that's good. So, great. All right. Good. Okay. Well, have a good week and I will I'll speak to you soon. Brilliant. Thanks, Asan. Cheers. Bye. Bye.  
Transcription ended after 00:29:32

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
